hide new secretions from the parental units 	0
contains no wit , only labored gags 	0
that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature 	1
remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout 	0
on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up 	0
that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment 	0
demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop . 	1
of saucy 	1
a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry 	0
are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films 	1
goes to absurd lengths 	0
for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore 	0
the part where nothing 's happening , 	0
saw how bad this movie was 	0
lend some dignity to a dumb story 	0
the greatest musicians 	1
cold movie 	0
with his usual intelligence and subtlety 	1
redundant concept 	0
swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds . 	1
equals the original and in some ways even betters it 	1
if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick . 	1
a smile on your face 	1
comes from the brave , uninhibited performances 	1
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic 	0
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits 	1
which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening 	0
in world cinema 	1
very good viewing alternative 	1
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , 	0
the action is stilted 	0
on all cylinders 	1
will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted 	0
by far the worst movie of the year 	0
sit through , 	0
more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film 	1
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline 	1
heroes 	1
oblivious to the existence of this film 	0
sharply 	1
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense . 	0
sometimes dry 	0
as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count 	0
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature 	1
a $ 40 million version of a game 	0
gorgeous and deceptively minimalist 	1
cross swords with the best of them and 	1
as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist 	0
proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film . 	1
disappointments 	0
the horrors 	0
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us . 	1
many pointless 	0
a beautifully 	1
contrived , well-worn situations 	0
a doa 	0
poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions . 	0
to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room 	1
starts with a legend 	1
far less sophisticated and 	0
rich veins of funny stuff in this movie 	1
no apparent joy 	0
shot on ugly digital video 	0
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ? '' 	0
though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie 	0
is pretty damned funny . 	1
we never feel anything for these characters 	0
's a lousy one at that 	0
the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 	0
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome . 	1
of the most highly-praised disappointments i 	0
sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . 	0
seem fresh 	1
to the dustbin of history 	0
as a director , eastwood is off his game 	0
pays earnest homage to turntablists 	1
weak and 	0
skip this dreck , 	0
contains very few laughs and even less surprises 	0
film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror 	1
are an absolute joy 	1
generates 	1
, like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows 	1
based on a true and historically significant story 	1
well-rounded tribute 	1
, though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 	0
so much like a young robert deniro 	1
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum . 	1
fashioning an engrossing entertainment out 	1
spiffy animated feature 	1
that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer 	0
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life 	1
strung-together moments 	0
, generous and subversive artworks 	1
it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 	1
funny yet 	1
overbearing and over-the-top 	0
it 's robert duvall ! 	1
rich and sudden wisdom 	1
acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him 	1
in memory 	1
respectable new one 	1
yet this grating showcase 	0
hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles 	1
addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history 	0
, this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny . 	1
build some robots , haul 'em to the theater with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 	0
do n't work in concert 	0
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal . 	1
would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further 	1
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , 	0
hawaiian shirt 	1
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . 	1
provide its keenest pleasures 	1
altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece 	0
grievous but 	0
after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . 	0
hopeless 	0
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original 	1
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try . 	0
very well-written and very well-acted . 	1
are n't many conclusive answers in the film 	0
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , 	0
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness . 	0
bring tissues . 	1
the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work . 	0
brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) . 	1
as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 	1
there 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us . 	1
just too silly 	0
cinematic bon bons 	1
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and 	0
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family . 	1
irritates and 	0
collapse 	0
so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws 	1
, it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 	1
wide-awake all the way through 	1
( vainly , i think ) 	0
is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . 	0
is effective if you stick with it 	1
that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community 	1
delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans 	1
watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy 	0
absolutely and completely ridiculous and 	0
's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . 	1
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction . 	0
realistic portrayal 	1
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story 	0
well-thought stunts or 	1
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others . 	1
no lika da 	0
a welcome relief 	1
the promise of digital filmmaking 	1
just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar 	0
justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau 	0
extraordinary faith 	1
have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart 	1
, sometimes beautiful adaptation 	1
about as interesting 	0
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty . 	1
overlong , and bombastic 	0
derivative and hammily 	0
most audacious , outrageous , 	1
at its best moments 	1
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 	0
that final , beautiful scene 	1
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , 	1
eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights 	1
the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau . 	0
, compelling 	1
infectiously 	1
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance . 	1
think of this dog of a movie 	0
's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre . 	1
those so-so films that could have been much better 	0
a passable date film 	1
imax in short 	1
i hate it . 	0
's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men 	1
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting 	0
in this wildly uneven movie 	0
pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license 	1
like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it 	0
with color and depth , and rather a good time 	1
silly , outrageous , ingenious 	1
being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 	0
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult . 	0
the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy 	1
starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming 	0
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic . 	0
elvira fans could hardly ask for more . 	1
a good one 	1
, plodding picture 	0
the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions 	0
lost in the translation this time 	0
speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be 	1
enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	1
a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments 	0
inane and awful 	0
told in scattered fashion 	0
takes chances that are bold by studio standards 	1
believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects 	0
only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' 	0
whole mess 	0
manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 	1
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up . 	1
a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 	0
enjoy the ride 	1
very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors 	0
the , yes , snail-like pacing 	0
an extremely unpleasant film . 	0
if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers 	1
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... 	0
are all things we 've seen before 	0
poignant and leavened 	1
breathless anticipation 	1
significantly better 	1
as predictable as the tides 	0
bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining 	1
it 's smooth and professional 	1
, unassuming , subordinate 	0
the horror 	0
a technically superb film 	1
the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him . 	1
pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators 	1
a dim 	0
, vicious and absurd 	0
because he acts so goofy all the time 	0
to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside 	1
's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , 	1
merit its 103-minute length 	1
the value and respect for the term epic cinema 	1
as a dentist 's waiting room 	0
showing honest emotions 	1
amazingly lame . 	0
confessions may not be a straightforward bio 	0
seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little 	0
the story is bogus and 	0
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative . 	1
to spare wildlife 	1
ugly as the shabby digital photography 	0
understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb 	0
traditionally structured 	1
frida is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance . 	0
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets . 	1
are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time 	1
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) 	0
carnage and 	0
degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage 	0
second fiddle 	0
about the folly of superficiality that is itself 	0
serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure . 	0
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination . 	0
, esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating . 	0
a stylish exercise 	1
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it 	0
a setup so easy it borders on facile 	0
a thoroughly awful movie 	0
takes hold and grips hard 	1
look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction 	0
the picture 's fascinating byways 	1
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves 	0
breezy , distracted rhythms 	0
than this mess 	0
evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream 	1
slick and manufactured to claim street credibility . 	1
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , 	1
valuable messages 	1
in no small part thanks to lau 	1
two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up 	0
no new plot conceptions 	0
essentially a collection of bits -- 	0
does n't bode well for the rest of it 	0
elevated by it -- the kind of movie 	1
usual worst 	0
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm 	1
arrive early and stay late 	1
is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart . 	1
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again . 	0
shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown 	1
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest 	1
considerable aplomb 	1
acted by diane lane and richard gere . 	1
scant 	0
an admittedly middling film 	1
too ludicrous 	0
the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal 	1
rich and full 	1
warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . 	1
that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for 	1
, home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face . 	1
, the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching . 	1
ultra-cheesy dialogue 	0
added depth and resonance 	1
the sensational 	1
huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 	1
handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama 	0
's not very good either . 	0
in her most charmless 	0
makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera . 	1
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats . 	1
everything about girls ca n't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way . 	0
the cast is spot on and 	1
ugly digital video 	0
can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 	1
rather choppy 	0
becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates 	0
demands and receives excellent performances 	1
xxx is a blast of adrenalin , 	1
pure escapism 	1
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** 	1
about love and culture 	1
is worse : 	0
horrifying 	0
mourns her tragedies in private 	0
the action scenes are poorly delivered 	0
it 's so bad 	0
so bad 	0
, 84 minutes is short 	1
dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum 	0
a masterpiece 	1
a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth 	1
does n't leave you with much . 	0
good acting 	1
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting 	1
marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress 	0
is less successful on other levels 	0
's still quite worth seeing 	1
intelligent and moving . 	1
he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes 	0
men 	1
accomplish what few sequels can 	1
a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker 	0
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening 	0
exhilarating , funny and fun . 	1
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time 	1
, it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . 	0
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 	1
endearing , caring 	1
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days 	1
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well . 	0
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker 	1
the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process 	0
taboo subject matter 	0
see this 	1
utterly incompetent conclusion 	0
has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ... 	1
you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her 	1
run for cover 	0
low budget 	0
a deceptively casual ode 	1
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' 	0
help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact 	1
you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride 	1
a giant step backward 	0
true fans 	1
just copies 	0
quite rich and exciting 	1
luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago 	1
from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own 	0
, you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth . 	1
this frozen tundra soap opera 	0
a showdown 	1
is simply too overdone 	0
greatly 	1
free 	1
intriguing species 	1
try and evade 	0
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv 	1
watching it leaves you giddy 	1
beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 	1
far tamer 	0
outrageously creative action 	1
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings 	1
is never any question of how things will turn out 	0
only open new wounds 	0
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure 	0
for a story 	1
in addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic 	1
right stuff 	1
the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting 	1
high-concept films 	1
sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse 	0
with no reason for being 	0
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . 	0
invigorating , surreal , and resonant 	1
the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout 	1
have a passion for the material 	1
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is . 	1
a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's 	0
romanticized rendering 	1
is terrific as rachel 	1
of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest 	0
the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls 	0
come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count 	0
with awe 	1
joyous romp of a film . 	1
a nonstop hoot 	1
, partisans and sabotage 	0
gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation 	0
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart 	1
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are . 	1
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic . 	0
this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass 	0
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation 	1
exciting and 	1
schticky 	0
and in the best way 	1
of our most flamboyant female comics 	1
squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 	1
( less a movie than ) an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so 	0
this film special 	1
of the amazing spider-man 	1
the stomach-turning violence 	0
could use a little more humanity 	0
not everything 	0
acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . 	1
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller 	0
a bad idea from frame one 	0
terrific , sweaty-palmed fun 	1
very funny joke 	1
volletta wallace 's maternal fury 	0
complex story 	1
atop wooden dialogue 	0
that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony 	0
be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen 	1
ca n't miss it 	1
dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent 	1
of the best short story writing 	1
it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama 	0
feeble comedy . 	0
an insult to every family 	0
it is essentially empty 	0
of the film 's problems 	0
makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama 	0
is not even half the interest . 	0
never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding 	0
`` auto focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era 	1
right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . 	0
appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem 	1
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ? 	0
the energy it takes to describe how bad it is 	0
wait to see it then . 	0
could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 	1
largest-ever historical canvas 	1
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony . 	1
comatose ballerinas 	0
oh-so-important 	1
of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug 	0
formulaic equations 	0
's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived 	1
deserve a passing grade 	1
you 're gon na like this movie . 	1
simply stupid , irrelevant 	0
weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise . 	1
a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and 	0
felt performances across the board . 	1
seem weird and distanced 	0
has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive 	1
casual and fun 	1
plodding mess 	0
the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally . 	0
the film 's intimate camera work 	1
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie . 	0
of dishonesty 	0
as bestial 	0
as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor 	0
, they prove more distressing than suspenseful . 	0
crackles 	1
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters 	1
high drama , disney-style 	1
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done . 	1
, good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . 	1
her bully of a husband 	0
gaghan ... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story . 	0
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters 	0
oozing , chilling and heart-warming 	1
stale retread 	0
filming the teeming life on the reefs 	1
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus . 	0
quite endearing . 	1
with fewer gags to break the tedium 	0
overbearing and 	0
deep deceptions 	0
things will turn out okay 	1
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural 	1
grand 	1
good-natured fun found in films like tremors 	1
betters it 	1
transfixes the audience 	1
moving and important 	1
dope 	1
an avid interest 	1
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances 	1
true star 	1
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... 	0
is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . 	0
is haunting ... ( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction 	1
which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through 	0
that 's both charming and well acted 	1
a bad blend 	0
the guy-in-a-dress genre 	1
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo . 	1
riveting and 	1
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic . 	0
war movies 	0
an inuit masterpiece 	1
oscar 	1
the cliché-laden screenplay 	0
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse 	0
provide much more insight 	1
, and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , 	0
what you wish for 	1
fluid and mesmerizing 	1
... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll . 	1
it 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . 	1
ransacks 	0
lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders . 	0
book report 	0
leave the theater 	0
spousal abuse 	0
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , 	0
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children . 	1
anyone who suffers through this film 	0
one carried by a strong sense of humanism 	1
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 	0
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez . 	1
directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . 	1
it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas 	0
funny , triumphant , 	1
underachiever 	0
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem 	1
of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots 	1
dime-store ruminations 	0
worth a 	1
, reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake ! 	0
whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes . 	0
'll cry for your money back 	0
enthralling 	1
is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening 	0
like max rothman 's future , does not work . 	0
of quirky characters and an engaging story 	1
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and 	0
making kahlo 's art a living , 	1
bad run 	0
may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 	0
many pleasures 	1
is worth searching out 	1
at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless 	0
time bombs 	0
balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . 	1
the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations 	0
plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 	0
a sour taste in one 's mouth 	0
decent performance 	1
... familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . 	0
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity . 	1
responsible for one of the worst movies of one year 	0
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived 	0
movie love 	1
human darkness 	0
understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself 	0
it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen 	0
's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) 	0
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- 	1
the perfect movie 	1
ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this 	0
oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor 	1
it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time 	1
see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence 	0
give you enough to feel good about 	1
unexpectedly insightful 	1
allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	1
is an extraordinary film , not least 	1
a doubt 	0
maudlin or 	0
with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects 	1
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid . 	0
the wan , thinly sketched story 	0
provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen 	1
this romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in . 	0
again dazzle and delight us 	1
that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes 	1
aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film 	1
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' was . 	1
failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest 	0
but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won . 	0
it 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni . 	0
laughed at 	1
, future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter 	0
a philosophical void 	0
unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense 	0
intelligence or invention 	1
hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . 	0
hopelessly juvenile 	0
shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- 	1
unique directing style 	1
required to give this comic slugfest some heart 	0
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention 	0
hip hop beat 	1
feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 	0
no explanation 	0
funniest and 	1
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be 	0
starts off witty and sophisticated and you 	1
a bargain-basement european pickup 	0
, but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons 	1
shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished 	1
taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults 	1
lead a group of talented friends astray 	1
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating . 	0
this gentle , mesmerizing portrait 	1
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , 	1
draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss 	1
spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) 	0
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own 	0
it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success . 	0
handles it in the most unexpected way 	1
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time . 	1
obscenely bad 	0
devastatingly 	0
i do n't see the point 	0
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard 	0
that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone 	1
one of its strengths 	1
of masterpiece 	1
into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto 	1
stiff or just plain bad 	0
makes these lives count 	1
jolts the laughs from the audience -- 	1
a delightful stimulus 	1
has no point 	0
of isolation and frustration 	0
winning shot 	1
of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel 	0
feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . 	1
lewis 	1
that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it 	0
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy . 	1
father cliché 	0
domestic tension and unhappiness 	0
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable 	0
called the best korean film of 2002 	1
one of the best rock 	1
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves 	1
of the holiday box office pie 	1
inexpressible and drab wannabe 	0
the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit 	0
like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story 	1
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and 	0
to hate 	0
to be mesmerised 	1
the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version 	1
a lot of energy 	1
for its success on a patient viewer 	1
while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . 	1
this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen . 	1
turned down 	0
timely , tongue-in-cheek 	1
undramatic 	0
the pile of useless actioners 	0
morton deserves an oscar nomination . 	1
weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces 	1
efficiency and an affection for the period 	1
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it 	1
does not work . 	0
it is n't merely offensive 	0
tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in 	1
it irrigates our souls . 	1
a hint of humor 	1
with a big heart 	1
a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages 	1
its most immediate and most obvious pleasure 	1
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies 	1
one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them . 	1
made a decent ` intro ' documentary 	1
makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way . 	1
the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability 	0
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 	0
emotional seesawing 	0
movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid 	1
target audience has n't graduated from junior high school 	0
this intricately structured and well-realized drama 	1
embracing 	1
the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire 	0
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff . 	1
a pretty listless collection 	0
other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor 	1
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in 	1
have been called freddy gets molested by a dog 	0
moody male hustler 	0
uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels 	0
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill 	1
which is mostly a bore 	0
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans 	1
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . 	0
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart . 	1
love this movie 	1
... the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught . 	0
flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community 	0
liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances 	1
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 	0
works smoothly 	1
with a creepy and dead-on performance 	1
might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead . 	0
placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers 	1
a satisfyingly unsettling ride 	1
good a job as anyone 	1
, smart and complicated 	1
the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- 	0
are pretty valuable these days 	1
( i ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop is n't as funny as it should be . 	0
that the only rip off that we were aware of 	0
beautiful to watch and 	1
accentuating 	1
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time 	0
a wonderful ensemble cast 	1
endear 	1
the truly funny bits 	1
's that painful . 	0
american beauty reeks 	0
clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long 	0
without any of its sense of fun or energy 	0
be the cat 's meow 	1
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply 	0
wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and 	1
be part of 	1
cinema history as the only movie ever 	1
comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor 	1
accomplished oscar winners 	1
of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it 	1
we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story 	1
an all-time low 	0
enjoyed it just 	1
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , 	1
delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away 	1
colorful , vibrant introduction 	1
the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you 	1
famuyiwa 's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer . 	1
a laugh between them 	1
that gradually sneaks up on the audience 	1
photographic marvel 	1
is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . 	0
gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences . 	1
the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood . 	0
while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy . 	1
wow ' factor 	1
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema . 	1
brazil-like , hyper-real satire 	1
low on both suspense and payoff 	0
find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most 	1
an absolute delight for all audiences 	1
would tax einstein 's brain . 	0
's its first sign of trouble 	0
ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff 	0
moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many . 	1
if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution 	0
wedding feels a bit anachronistic . 	0
been lost in the translation this time 	0
revelatory performance 	1
the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion 	0
remains oddly detached 	0
that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film 	1
nifty premise 	1
vein 	1
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and 	1
go down with a ship as leaky 	0
earnest movie 	1
effective enough 	1
showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times 	1
make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok 	0
going at a rapid pace , 	1
still fun and enjoyable and 	1
a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking 	0
this thing is virtually unwatchable . 	0
's also undeniably exceedingly clever 	1
would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out 	0
an entertainment destination for the general public 	1
i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 	1
england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing 	1
to the enduring strengths of women 	1
surprisingly faithful 	1
the numerous scenes 	1
exaggerated and 	0
takes a really long , slow and dreary time 	0
improved upon the first 	1
that might have made it an exhilarating 	1
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn . 	1
humorless 	0
thank 	1
just because a walk to remember 	1
bite 	0
amounts to little more than punishment . 	0
the humor is recognizably plympton 	1
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes . 	1
makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult 	0
a fascinating , compelling story 	1
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence 	0
a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction . 	1
whimsical and relevant today 	1
see the it 	1
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss 	1
grotesque narcissism 	0
funny and sad 	1
is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan . 	1
it wore me down 	0
be so stupid 	0
as refreshing 	1
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . 	0
has created a brilliant motion picture . 	1
from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american 	0
a beautiful food entrée 	1
us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable 	1
the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence 	0
his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters 	1
does not live up to its style 	0
scenes of cinematic perfection 	1
love liza 's tale 	1
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent 	1
first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb . 	0
go see this delightful comedy . 	1
worst sense 	0
propelled by the acting 	1
presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 	1
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard 	0
overplayed 	0
should be poignant 	0
'' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . 	1
visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet 	1
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . 	0
mug shots 	0
the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing 	0
another masterpiece 	1
an incredibly layered and stylistic film 	1
a classic story 	1
daring 	1
wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 	1
haute 	0
convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment . 	1
ugly and 	0
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick 	1
any insight 	1
a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility . 	0
passionate , tumultuous affair 	1
the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name 	0
an enjoyable experience . 	1
've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama . 	0
is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents . 	1
well to cram earplugs 	0
who is simply tired 	0
it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin 	0
both convincing and radiant 	1
smart and dark - 	1
emaciated flick 	0
jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects 	0
point at things that explode into flame 	0
jolts the laughs from the audience 	1
heralds something special 	1
has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one 	0
a perfect performance 	1
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative 	1
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie 	0
sometimes confusing 	0
superlative 	1
buy the soundtrack 	1
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , 	1
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination . 	0
to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies 	0
the folly of superficiality that is itself 	0
lumbering load 	0
a 95-minute commercial for nba properties 	0
though many of these guys are less than adorable 	0
peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper . 	1
is deadly dull 	0
inferior 	0
big-hearted and frequently 	1
striking deep chords of sadness 	1
laughs aplenty 	1
schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does . 	1
loud , ugly , irritating movie 	0
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer 	1
the scorpion king more than ably 	1
make a pretty good team 	1
lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 	0
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history . 	1
bill plympton , the animation master 	1
impossible task 	0
that in a good way 	1
a watch that makes time go faster rather than 	1
very best pictures 	1
lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail 	0
and church meetings 	1
than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine 	1
compassionate 	1
will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective 	1
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves 	1
an ebullient affection 	1
somehow snagged an oscar nomination 	0
manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	1
` realistic ' 	1
nicely done 	1
a summer of good stuff 	1
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying . 	0
sustains 	1
neither is it as smart 	0
fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages 	1
the movie is powerful and provocative . 	1
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life 	0
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness 	1
those who do n't entirely ` get ' godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . 	1
not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were . 	0
'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen 	0
like to skip but film buffs should get to know 	1
narrative discipline 	1
samuel l. jackson 	1
is this films reason for being . 	1
the old saying goes , because it 's true 	1
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture 	1
aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire 	0
come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 	0
embracing than monty 	1
is it hokey 	0
as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony 	0
that 's hardly any fun to watch 	0
get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth 	1
it 's on par with the first one 	1
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once 	1
is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 	1
is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable 	1
above most of its ilk 	1
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 	1
from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script 	0
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and 	0
i do n't think so . 	0
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking 	0
is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate 	1
great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi 	0
bile , and irony 	0
a faulty premise , 	0
haphazardness 	0
the plot grows thin soon , 	0
beloved-major 	1
by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one . 	1
crossing-over mumbo jumbo 	0
virtually unwatchable 	0
its premise is smart , but 	1
was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise . 	1
who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent 	0
light-hearted 	1
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations . 	0
to show us a good time 	1
pitiful , slapdash disaster . 	0
is one of the year 's best 	1
even witty 	1
a fierce dance 	1
crippled 	0
this piece of crap 	0
... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience . 	1
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film . 	1
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream 	1
particularly impressive 	1
in the process comes out looking like something wholly original 	1
submerging 	1
nearly as fresh or enjoyable 	1
miserable and smug 	0
my great pleasure 	1
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense . 	0
fascinating , dark thriller 	1
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films . 	1
down the reality drain 	0
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers . 	0
a historic scandal 	0
that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty 	1
cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x. 	1
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances 	0
their lamentations are pretty much self-centered 	0
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , 	1
of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires 	1
, bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 	1
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music 	1
would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head 	0
give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard 	1
the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well 	1
a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic 	0
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey 	1
insistent and repetitive 	0
nausea 	0
of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller 	1
no art 	0
seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece 	0
more silly than scary 	0
's funny . 	1
its execution and skill 	1
's coherent , well shot , and tartly 	1
you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one 	0
's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance 	0
underdeveloped 	0
the jokes are flat 	0
a heartening tale of small victories 	1
suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , 	1
a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for 	1
with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 	1
nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . 	1
do we really need the tiger beat version ? 	0
the disadvantage of also looking cheap 	0
churn out one mediocre movie after another 	0
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave . 	1
this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian . 	0
cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names 	0
sexual and romantic 	1
what begins brightly 	1
then just fell apart 	0
despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 	0
every top-notch british actor 	1
is awful . 	0
a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 	1
will nevertheless find moving 	1
great 	1
like `` horrible '' and `` terrible 	0
provide an intense experience 	1
is off-putting 	0
gets bogged down over 140 minutes . 	0
, this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 	1
a pack of dogs who are smarter than him 	0
this is a very funny , heartwarming film . 	1
with such provocative material 	1
this film biggest problem ? 	0
with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for 	1
stylish and 	1
it 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay . 	0
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor 	1
are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent 	0
it plainly has no business going 	0
a larger-than-life figure , 	1
is truly gorgeous to behold 	1
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- 	1
the most affecting depictions of a love affair 	1
stereotypical caretakers 	0
be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work 	1
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day . 	1
yet permits laughter 	1
marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances . 	1
some serious suspense 	1
waster ' 	0
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller 	1
salton sea surprisingly engrossing 	1
no place for this story to go but down 	0
can open the door to liberation . 	1
are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay 	0
another best of the year selection . 	1
flat , 	0
exceptional lead performances 	1
positive impression 	1
much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 	0
that heralds something special 	1
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious . 	0
dreamy 	1
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination 	1
the qualities 	1
than losers 	0
comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women 	0
flashy , overlong soap 	0
get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory 	1
's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again . 	1
sweetheart 	1
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act 	0
it still works . 	1
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude 	1
a well paced and satisfying little drama 	1
begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents 	0
loves 	1
, dopey old 	0
because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive 	1
wrenching performances 	1
kids , spirit 	1
the star who helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears 	0
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real 	1
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead 	0
quickly becomes a tiresome cliché 	0
unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk 	1
a perceptive , good-natured movie 	1
keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease 	1
be completely forgettable 	0
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years 	1
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence 	0
the best of a growing strain of daring films 	1
gripping portrait 	1
it 's actually watchable 	1
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing . 	1
a bland animated sequel 	0
his films 	1
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and 	0
festival 	1
trouble every day is a plodding mess . 	0
to be consumed and forgotten 	0
, the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . 	0
its one-sidedness 	0
, thought-provoking film 	1
uneven film 	0
is n't heated properly , so that it ends up 	0
takes off in totally unexpected directions and 	1
tried as a war criminal 	0
is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema . 	1
can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost 	1
to make such a worthless film 	0
a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	1
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special . 	0
a technically superb film , 	1
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... 	0
to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in 	1
what a reckless squandering 	0
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation 	1
off-beat and fanciful 	1
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and 	1
like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story 	0
by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 	0
time-consuming 	0
charlotte sometimes is a gem . 	1
is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own 	0
so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower 	1
can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today 	1
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films . 	0
epic treatment of a nationwide blight 	1
fresh-faced 	1
the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake 	0
mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience . 	1
the film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality . 	0
worth a recommendation 	1
bigger 	1
our best achievements and other times 	1
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , 	1
everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull . 	0
in private 	1
has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but 	1
of anti-semitism ever seen on screen 	0
ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true 	0
makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare 	1
invigorating about 	1
's mildly entertaining , 	1
it 's about family 	1
life and love 	1
questionable 	0
a twist 	1
with leonine power 	1
quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself 	1
gaps in their relationships 	0
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but 	0
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman . 	0
badly edited 	0
run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through 	0
i am baffled by jason x. 	0
to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival 	1
a smoother , more focused 	1
is not first-rate 	0
are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty . 	1
zealand coming-of-age movie 	1
dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks 	1
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible 	1
rises above superficiality . 	1
a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 	1
comes across as a fairly weak retooling . 	0
masterful british actor ian holm 	1
the hearts and minds 	1
conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice 	0
deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson 	1
blab 	0
is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull . 	0
-- that you should never forget 	1
has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler 	0
more than ably 	1
and a terrible story 	0
's that painful 	0
is a monumental achievement 	1
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks . 	0
comedic writing 	1
humorous and touching . 	1
of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd 	0
it 's easy to love robin tunney 	1
i like that smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them . 	1
a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort 	1
, the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 	0
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else . 	0
more graceful way 	1
an uninspired preachy and clichéd war film . 	0
will turn out 	1
it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer 	0
perfect material 	1
one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio 	0
( seagal 's ) strenuous attempt at a change in expression 	0
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences . 	1
promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera . 	0
offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending 	1
in a grisly sort of way 	0
nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 	0
more frustrating 	0
lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse 	0
there are laughs aplenty , and 	1
lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings 	1
of sleaziness 	0
this too-long , spoofy update 	0
shoddy male hip hop fantasy 	0
, cynical 	0
like puppies with broken legs 	0
that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 	1
knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers 	0
excited about on this dvd 	1
just is n't as weird as it ought to be . 	0
should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie 	1
as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life 	1
many of the things that made the first one charming 	1
as if by cattle prod 	0
struggling 	0
beautiful paean 	1
entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive 	1
all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 	0
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish . 	1
dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better 	1
dreadfulness 	0
it 's not very interesting . 	0
the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan . 	1
a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller 	1
out 	0
it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that . 	0
an all-around good time at the movies 	1
humor in i spy is so anemic . 	0
the by now intolerable morbidity 	0
touched by the film 's conviction 	1
a spoof comedy 	1
it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special . 	0
seem tired and , 	0
one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed 	0
pointed , often tender , examination 	1
touching reflection 	1
a smartly directed , grown-up film 	1
help overcome the problematic script . 	0
show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty 	1
this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario 	1
put together a bold biographical fantasia 	1
slow and ponderous , but rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption . 	1
as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 	0
drowned me 	0
a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) 	0
haneke 's script ( from elfriede jelinek 's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending . 	0
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 	1
, scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . ' 	0
a screwed-up man 	0
rumblings 	0
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture 	1
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart 	1
lightweight filmmaking 	0
and satirical touches 	1
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . 	0
a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood 	1
hackneyed concepts 	0
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist . 	1
remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) 	0
a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year . 	1
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and 	1
wickedly undramatic 	0
a legendary professor 	1
is magnetic as graham 	1
has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . 	1
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history . 	1
to watch too many barney videos 	1
be able to look away for a second 	1
heartfelt performances 	1
a legacy 	1
an evil , monstrous lunatic 	0
smoky and inviting 	1
the wisdom and humor 	1
saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo 	1
excruciatingly tedious 	0
beyond redemption 	0
the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt 	1
sleep-inducing 	0
coen brothers 	1
never rises above mediocrity 	0
no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror 	1
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look . 	1
farts 	0
a wonderful tale of love and destiny 	1
the fourth `` pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance . 	1
've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before 	0
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary . 	0
hackneyed and meanspirited 	0
makes a meal of it 	1
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and 	0
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service . 	0
the unacceptable 	0
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining . 	0
shockingly bad 	0
run of the mill 	0
is n't a very 	0
most amazing super-sized dosage 	1
is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . 	0
spies 	0
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , 	0
laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser 	1
the opulent lushness 	1
( allen ) manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise . 	1
the writing and direction to the soggy performances 	0
went back 	1
unfunny 	0
good film 	1
a simplistic narrative and 	1
plodding , peevish and gimmicky . 	0
finely written 	1
attentive 	1
a canny crowd pleaser , 	1
real and amusing 	1
a dependable concept 	1
straight from the saturday morning cartoons 	0
least 	0
very light 	1
thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except 	0
dying a slow death 	0
some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life 	1
lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . 	0
under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic 	0
transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest 	1
reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality 	1
to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them 	1
downright intoxicating 	1
with ` bowling for columbine , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . 	1
especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 	0
vaporize from your memory minutes 	0
energetic 	1
's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . 	1
decrepit 	0
two guys yelling in your face for two hours 	0
bloody beauty as vivid 	1
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth 	0
is not handled well 	0
long and eventful 	1
, after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers 	1
suffocating 	0
has considerable charm 	1
for its extraordinary intelligence and originality 	1
stink 	0
good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 	1
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch 	0
kids will love its fantasy and adventure 	1
( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really 	0
, to my great pleasure , 	1
one of the most entertaining bonds in years 	1
in a standard plot 	0
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended . 	1
been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit 	1
b movies 	0
to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style 	1
from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	1
draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent 	1
be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 	0
for pretentious arts majors 	0
see a movie with its heart 	1
reek of a script 	0
bottom tier 	0
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them 	1
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events 	1
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director 	1
as john ritter 's glory days 	1
fights a good fight 	1
is god 	1
floating narrative 	1
stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy 	1
a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	0
of this dog of a movie 	0
too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up . 	0
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story . 	0
yet depressing film 	0
does pack some serious suspense . 	1
descends into such message-mongering moralism 	0
gripping humanity 	1
fall fast asleep 	0
virtually no aftertaste 	0
inane and unimaginative 	0
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , 	1
bound 	1
self-absorbed 	0
see the forest for the trees 	1
's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good 	1
intolerable company 	0
talky , artificial and opaque 	0
for one splendidly cast pair 	1
underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 	0
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice . 	0
convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons 	0
are ... impeccable throughout . 	1
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs 	1
horror/action hybrid 	1
of the finest films of the year 	1
lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 	1
that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 	1
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding . 	1
is too long with too little going on 	0
much needed 	1
jones and snipes are enthralling 	1
that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out 	1
participation 	1
you can smell the grease on the plot 	0
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and 	1
human impulses that grew hideously twisted 	0
still fun and enjoyable 	1
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged 	0
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , 	1
often overwritten 	0
to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies 	1
nearly impossible 	0
down-to-earth bullock 	1
is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . 	1
proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film 	1
one-hour mark 	1
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun 	1
not constant bloodshed 	1
offers no new insight on the matter 	0
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored 	1
overwhelmingly 	1
spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick 	1
tastelessness and gall 	0
bad action-movie line 	0
grows 	1
as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple 	1
contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive 	0
the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way 	0
any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly 	0
caliber 	1
balanced film 	1
of run-of-the-mill profanity 	0
feel like three hours . 	0
excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone 	1
is built on a potentially interesting idea 	1
is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be 	0
laughably 	0
been kind enough to share it 	1
of bland hotels , highways , parking lots 	0
with a large dose of painkillers 	0
liked a lot of the smaller scenes 	1
wastes 	0
continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . 	1
, mind-numbingly , indescribably bad 	0
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , 	1
a river of sadness that pours into every frame 	1
menacing 	0
incessantly 	0
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 	0
that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch 	0
at existing photos 	1
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , 	0
as funny nor 	0
gangs excels in spectacle and pacing . 	1
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it 	1
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries . 	1
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable . 	1
lacks balance 	0
hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild 	0
revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . 	0
tv 	1
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance . 	1
demonstrating vividly 	1
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , 	1
marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 	1
a powerful , inflammatory film 	1
favor of tradition and warmth 	1
begins on a high note and 	1
has much to recommend it 	1
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition 	1
a simple tale 	1
despicable characters 	0
` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . 	1
, director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . 	0
this amiable picture 	1
that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions 	1
a markedly inactive film 	0
saves this deeply affecting film 	1
cold , nervy and memorable 	1
exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise 	0
the gratuitous cinematic distractions 	0
manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it . 	1
the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic 	1
insanely hilarious 	1
does n't work because there is no foundation for it 	0
surprise us 	1
relative modesty 	1
coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker 	1
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies . 	1
, if good-hearted , movie . 	1
makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 	0
inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 	0
no pastry is violated 	1
is very difficult 	0
i 'll buy the soundtrack . 	1
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic 	1
is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical 	0
to the genre and another first-rate performance 	1
an adventurous young talent 	1
predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol 	1
intricate plot 	1
, this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian . 	0
to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	0
will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo 	0
as i laughed throughout the movie 	1
impossibly contrived situations 	0
fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals 	0
a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor 	1
is the best ` old neighborhood ' project 	1
others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere . 	0
make italian for beginners worth the journey 	1
most good-hearted 	1
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france 	1
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . 	1
poignant and funny 	1
thanks to a small star with big heart 	1
impersonal and abstract 	0
it 's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film . 	1
-- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline 	0
if you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice . 	1
it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 	0
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations . 	0
too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe 	0
accents so good 	1
a classy , sprightly spin on film 	1
an original 	1
a thing that already knows it 's won 	1
as punching bags 	1
nothing to sneeze at these days 	1
ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona 	0
good-natured 	1
star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life 	0
's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen 	1
brought to life on the big screen 	1
an entertaining movie 	1
is a very funny , heartwarming film . 	1
more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks 	0
encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed . 	0
that gets under your skin 	1
be half as entertaining as it is 	1
turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end 	0
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling . 	0
a rollicking adventure for you 	1
that even its target audience talked all the way through it 	0
prickly indie comedy 	0
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course 	0
ethics 	1
that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film 	1
other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time 	1
and crude film 	0
could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions . 	0
with real world events 	1
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . 	0
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 	1
sanctimonious , self-righteous and 	0
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas 	1
acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable 	1
one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original 	0
the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . 	1
is why anybody picked it up . 	0
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes . 	1
like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok 	0
seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick 	0
that takes itself all too seriously 	0
with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 	1
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out . 	1
even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel 	0
through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people 	1
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came . 	1
's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre 	1
the piano teacher is not an easy film . 	0
manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar 	1
daft by half ... but supremely good natured 	1
much power 	1
of carnage 	0
this picture 	1
increasingly diverse french director 	1
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious 	0
features nonsensical and laughable plotting 	0
served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick 	0
's plenty to offend everyone 	0
reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans 	0
save their children 	1
that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways 	1
surprisingly touching 	1
come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy 	1
worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz 	0
's one of the worst of the entire franchise . 	0
, the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . 	0
an obvious rapport with her actors 	1
a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone . 	0
existential exploration 	1
road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire 	1
commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute 	1
may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking 	0
inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone 	0
both shrill and soporific , and because everything 	0
sinister 	0
than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds 	0
aground 	0
amazing 	1
have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize 	1
for that comes through all too painfully in the execution 	0
open-ended questions 	1
like brosnan 's performance 	1
counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget 	0
sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 	1
the road 	1
phrase ` life affirming ' 	1
an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe 	0
little more than a well-mounted history lesson . 	0
to the film 's music 	1
and dog lovers 	1
moving tale 	1
no surprises 	0
crawls along 	0
sure mainstream audiences will be baffled 	0
begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is . 	0
oddly humorous to tediously sentimental 	1
grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration . 	1
lonely 	0
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent 	1
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but 	0
has been 	1
, cry and realize , 	0
does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . 	1
told well by a master 	1
from a ploddingly melodramatic structure 	0
a show forged in still-raw emotions 	1
to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject 	0
of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original 	0
captivates 	1
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad . 	0
drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other 	0
you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines 	0
the filling 	1
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but 	1
angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy 	1
queasy-stomached 	0
the ` ick ' in ` classic 	0
very choppy and monosyllabic 	0
psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , 	1
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur 	0
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and 	1
welcome with audiences 	1
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . 	1
the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances 	1
startling story 	1
do with imagination 	1
rage 	0
dumplings 	1
more interesting -- and , dare i say , 	1
exactly assured in its execution 	1
'll keep watching the skies for his next project 	1
as tiresome as 9 	0
plot , characters , 	1
does not work 	0
that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 	0
seem self-consciously poetic and 	1
back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research . 	1
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy 	1
authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment 	0
satisfying 	1
revolutionary spirit 	1
a crowd-pleaser , but then , 	1
anemic , 	0
a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place 	1
spielberg 's first real masterpiece 	1
the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness 	0
the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution 	0
is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . 	0
while peppering the pages with memorable zingers 	1
falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries . 	0
, truths emerge . 	1
those words 	1
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life . 	1
by cliches , painful improbability and murky points 	0
generous , inspiring film 	1
tossed off 	0
this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism 	0
of more appealing holiday-season product 	1
sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special 	0
a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle 	1
like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place 	0
dialogue and sharp 	1
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 	1
graduated 	1
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible 	1
enriched 	1
to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time 	0
a pretty decent kid-pleasing 	1
unrecoverable 	0
that manages to invest real humor 	1
articulate , grown-up voice 	1
commercialism all in the same movie 	0
nifty 	1
's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . 	1
a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions . 	1
some delightful work on indie projects 	1
making up for any flaws that come later 	1
terrific effort 	1
the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid 	1
xmas 	1
, it does give exposure to some talented performers 	1
a cheap scam 	0
once one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else . 	0
does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 	1
falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer 	0
paints a grand picture of an era and 	1
of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games 	1
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- 	0
it is a likable story , told with competence . 	1
originality is sorely lacking . 	0
especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget 	0
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down . 	0
balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply 	1
along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes 	1
no-nonsense authority 	1
idiocy 	0
moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots 	1
, visually graceful 	1
sappiness 	0
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came 	1
loose 	0
looking and stylish 	1
the three leads produce adequate performances , but 	1
drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst 	1
a beautiful film to watch 	1
writer-director david jacobson 	1
's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 	0
neither romantic nor comedic 	0
the movie dawdle 	0
with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs 	0
good-natured and sometimes quite funny 	1
a complete waste of time 	0
largely devoid 	0
to cheesier to cheesiest 	0
piece , a model of menacing atmosphere 	1
of last summer 's bloated effects 	0
a low-budget series on a uhf channel 	0
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time . 	1
proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast 	0
use a few good laughs 	1
someone made off with your wallet 	0
's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas . 	1
dodge this one 	0
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers ' oeuvre 	0
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it . 	0
this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 	0
benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness 	1
in its sparkling beauty 	1
`` brown sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . 	1
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film . 	1
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence 	1
lively 	1
it seem fresh again 	1
tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet 	0
good guys and 	1
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and 	0
the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny 	1
clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 	0
cannibal lust above the ordinary 	1
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it 	1
will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . 	1
feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way 	0
spectacularly 	1
construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest 	0
conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt 	1
to break the tedium 	0
the ridiculousness 	0
well-done film 	1
's not that funny 	0
inhuman cinematic punishment 	0
of its epic scope 	1
pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy 	0
of heartfelt performances 	1
fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema 	0
poetic road movie 	1
play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen 	0
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it . 	1
you 've figured out late marriage 	1
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace . 	1
teddy bears ' picnic ranks 	1
dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated 	0
right place 	1
oddly sweet 	1
a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story 	0
pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . 	1
so second-rate 	0
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they 	1
a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay 	0
engaging characters 	1
, twisted , brilliant and macabre 	1
a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse 	0
tootsie knockoff . 	0
need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 . 	1
britney spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction . 	0
unfortunately , that 's precisely what arthur dong 's family fundamentals does . 	0
than what 's been cobbled together onscreen 	0
deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen 	1
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind 	1
expresses our most basic emotions 	1
for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 	0
huge gap 	0
a very moving and revelatory footnote 	1
a non-mystery mystery . 	0
fascinating -- and timely -- content 	1
loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time 	0
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist 	1
gut-clutching piece 	1
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . 	0
subjugate truth 	1
the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera 	0
with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look 	0
to remember 	1
is a real filmmaker 	1
a great film noir 	1
this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted 	0
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies 	0
is that it does n't make any sense 	0
a talky bore 	0
bristles with passion and energy 	1
a successful career 	1
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . 	1
as brave and challenging 	1
above pat inspirational status 	1
beautifully filmed 	1
moving , and adventurous 	1
somewhat cumbersome 	0
place and personal identity 	1
with plenty of entertainment value 	1
a dazzling dream of a documentary 	1
* corpus and its amiable jerking 	0
serious subject matter and dark , funny humor 	1
is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive 	1
bland murder-on-campus 	0
tear your eyes away 	0
the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes 	0
dickens ' words 	1
satisfying destination 	1
arguably the best script that besson has written in years . 	1
its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints 	0
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and 	0
fun one 	1
to no particularly memorable effect 	0
ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe 	0
highly predictable narrative 	0
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya 	1
, you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down 	0
none-too-original 	0
romp that has something to say . 	1
zone '' episode 	1
a stultifyingly obvious one 	0
, you 'll like promises . 	1
it 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 	0
turntablism 	1
is well worth seeing 	1
the strain is all too evident 	0
unlike 	0
upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	0
bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 	0
documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	1
with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 	0
painful and 	0
dismiss -- moody 	0
sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role 	0
the fetid underbelly of fame 	0
, i would go back and choose to skip it . 	0
worked 	1
expected 	0
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little 	1
of war-torn croatia 	0
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english 	1
director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency 	1
humor , warmth , and 	1
that few will bother thinking it all through 	0
want my money back . 	0
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting 	0
are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable . 	1
that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families 	1
is off . 	0
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee . 	1
incessant 	0
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you . 	1
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be 	0
witless and utterly pointless . 	0
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes 	1
loose , poorly structured 	0
of good-natured fun found in films like tremors 	1
examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less 	0
is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party 	1
just does n't add up . 	0
a powerful and telling story 	1
that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays 	1
pomposity 	0
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story . 	1
a winning family story 	1
never catches fire 	0
much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors . 	1
missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout 	1
from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	1
the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third ... 	0
much fun 	1
in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot 	1
of a poetic 	1
the most entertaining moments here are unintentional . 	1
great director 	1
and , thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks . 	1
his martial artistry 	1
a little-remembered world 	1
an authentic feel 	1
`` sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ... 	1
all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability 	0
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions 	1
the smarter offerings 	1
as the long-faced sad sack 	0
all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones 	0
playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer 	1
director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell 	1
negativity 	0
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- 	1
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music 	1
's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present 	0
steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 	0
and it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . 	0
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , 	0
a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense 	0
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous 	0
to shine through the gloomy film noir veil 	0
of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	1
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation . 	1
a delightful , if minor , pastry 	1
the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian 	0
the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable 	0
vulgar , sexist , racist humor 	0
offbeat humor 	1
finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort 	1
viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies 	1
in the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes . 	1
enough to give you brain strain 	0
this bad 	0
in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise 	0
ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops 	0
downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness 	1
a couple hours of summertime 	1
to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances 	1
pleasingly 	1
a complete mess 	0
so perfect 	1
's impossible to care 	0
cutting hollywood satire 	1
directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them 	1
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - 	0
terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates 	0
sometimes improbable story 	0
sitting open too long 	0
the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 	0
a peculiar malaise 	0
a step further , richer and 	1
freshman 	1
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst 	1
an actress 	1
its cheesy screenplay 	0
a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked 	1
never really busts out of its comfy little cell 	0
is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring 	0
sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings 	1
are tops 	1
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional 	1
create and sustain a mood 	1
as a real movie 	1
of seeing justice served 	1
entertaining enough , but nothing new 	0
leaden and 	0
that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned 	0
americans to finally revel in its splendor 	1
delicious pulpiness 	1
notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips 	0
it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role . 	1
ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride 	1
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document 	0
useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal 	0
is its utter sincerity 	1
the ticket you need 	1
the kind of ` laugh therapy ' 	1
passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 	0
of his character 	1
enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs 	0
blue hilarity 	1
a laughable -- or rather 	0
but unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun . 	0
burdened by the actor 	0
sympathy and intelligence 	1
the best script 	1
astonishing voice cast 	1
an unchanged dullard 	0
is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role 	1
has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed . 	1
when there 's nothing else happening 	0
on cable 	0
it with ring , 	1
far from a groundbreaking endeavor 	0
that these women are spectacular 	1
it can seem tiresomely simpleminded . 	0
revelled in the entertaining shallows 	1
good music documentary 	1
wewannour money back , actually . 	0
makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude 	1
animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and 	0
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete 	1
a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story 	1
can take credit for most of the movie 's success . 	1
still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing . 	1
a satisfying well-made romantic comedy 	1
crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments 	1
impressive performances 	1
a great one 	1
proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing . 	1
of cerebral and cinemantic flair 	1
oodles of charm 	1
one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 	1
in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . 	1
exactly endearing 	1
churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action 	0
constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism 	1
kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code 	1
delivers a magnetic performance . 	1
a sumptuous work 	1
are innocent , childlike and inherently funny 	1
're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 	0
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes 	1
of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects 	0
the crap 	0
consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt 	1
sodden and glum 	0
frequently hilarious 	1
because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat 	1
i did n't laugh . 	0
glued 	1
it has its faults 	0
nice twists 	1
were already tired 	0
rooting for the film 	1
dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious 	1
refreshingly forthright one 	1
does somehow manage to get you under its spell 	1
salient points 	1
cruel story 	0
defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . 	1
pretentious mess 	0
campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution . 	1
ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 	0
derivative , overlong , and bombastic 	0
the high infidelity 	0
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency 	1
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , 	1
, and yet at the end 	1
actually means to face your fears 	1
not a word of english 	0
well-intentioned 	1
wickedly sick and twisted humor 	1
african american professionals 	1
tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is 	1
of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 	1
emotionally and narratively complex 	1
consider it ` perfection . ' 	1
, structure and rhythms 	1
just too silly and 	0
impressive and yet lacking about everything 	0
starving and untalented 	0
gets clunky on the screen 	0
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita '' . 	0
personality 	1
to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun 	0
fails to rise above its disgusting source material 	0
jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	1
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves 	1
so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks 	0
disappoints 	0
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain . 	1
difficult for the audience 	0
utterly misplaced 	0
a spirited film 	1
the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were 	0
awakening and ripening 	1
is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it 	1
complex 	1
been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	0
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , 	0
is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors 	0
were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you . 	0
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification . 	0
` blade ii ' just does n't cut it 	0
seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings 	0
) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all 	0
soul-stirring documentary 	1
a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge 	0
uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong 	1
an appealing couple -- 	1
juwanna mann 	1
that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout 	0
an extended , open-ended poem 	1
and self-conscious seams 	0
the weird thing 	0
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent 	1
damn funny stuff 	1
, the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . 	1
despite its visual virtuosity , ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . 	0
so low in a poorly 	0
is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut 	0
we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . 	0
this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit . 	1
godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon . 	1
because it overstays its natural running time 	0
are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams 	0
, compelling story 	1
turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic . 	1
a finale that is impenetrable and dull 	0
a text to ` lick , 	0
like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 	0
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise 	1
charm , cultivation and devotion 	1
as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy 	0
feels like three hours 	0
very well-written 	1
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance 	0
very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact 	0
potential success 	1
pale xerox of other , better crime movies 	0
reflective and beautifully 	1
leaving the theater with a smile on your face 	1
is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 	1
one baaaaaaaaad movie 	0
unfunny 	0
we get the comedy we settle for . 	0
hoary 	0
be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , 	1
'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it 	0
, as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago . 	0
an american 	1
an unimaginative screenwriter 's 	0
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes 	0
even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking 	1
stylishly 	1
a mess as this one 	0
essentially ruined -- or , rather , 	0
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry 	1
a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking 	0
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , 	0
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional . 	0
the rope snaps 	0
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . 	0
fanciful drama 	1
that delivers on the promise of excitement 	1
deeply moving french drama 	1
big-hearted and 	1
, longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context . 	0
sad ending 	0
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances . 	1
adorable italian guys 	1
critical 	0
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . 	1
with exquisite craftsmanship 	1
here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time 	0
tens 	1
maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back . 	0
what they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . 	0
... silly humbuggery ... 	0
may prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece 	1
typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine 	0
might just be the movie you 're looking for 	1
an affection 	1
love to come from an american director in years 	1
most resonant film since the killer . 	1
works out 	1
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 	0
the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . 	1
, ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . 	0
is great 	1
spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . 	1
judging by those standards , ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary . 	1
engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy 	1
, energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested . 	1
confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances 	1
avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style 	0
in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes . 	0
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks . 	0
death , especially 	0
by the dynamic first act 	1
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level 	0
too daft by half ... but supremely good natured . 	1
the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this 	0
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that . 	1
the film 's plot may be shallow 	0
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment . 	0
` epic 	1
easy to like 	1
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture . 	1
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work 	0
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , 	1
a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather 	0
`` frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! '' 	1
are uncomfortably strained . 	0
make the film more silly than scary , 	0
what makes it worth watching 	1
has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them . 	0
huge disappointment coming 	0
deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride 	1
the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . 	0
that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here 	0
you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . ' 	1
wonderful , imaginative script 	1
entirely witless 	0
is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material 	0
fun or 	1
ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon 	0
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , 	0
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller 	1
a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been 	0
obscenity 	0
stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies 	0
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- 	1
look at that clever angle ! 	1
of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes 	1
the surprisingly somber conclusion 	1
not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . 	1
tepid 	0
's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . 	1
the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates 	0
give each other the willies 	0
( lee ) treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . 	0
is credible and remarkably mature 	1
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role . 	1
of the unsung heroes of 20th century 	1
that 's actually sort of amazing 	1
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults 	1
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant 	0
a streetwise mclaughlin group 	1
funny and well-contructed 	1
's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	0
oversimplification , superficiality and silliness 	0
overproduced 	0
if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags 	0
though he only scratches the surface 	0
awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue 	0
visual splendor 	1
lingering questions about what the film is really getting at 	0
an ` action film ' mired in stasis 	0
dragon 	1
most intense 	1
this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . 	1
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . 	0
carried out by men of marginal intelligence , 	0
dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma 	1
that the plot makes no sense 	0
too bad none of it is funny . 	0
can seem tiresomely simpleminded . 	0
combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end 	0
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels 	1
well-meant 	1
bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee 	0
america 's thirst for violence 	0
so horrendously confusing 	0
avarice 	0
when you 're a struggling nobody 	0
talkiness 	0
`` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film . 	0
ignore the reputation , and ignore the film . 	0
manage to be spectacularly outrageous 	1
cookie-cutter action scenes 	0
of the best since the last waltz 	1
to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade 	0
a pale imitation 	0
withered 	0
pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report 	0
a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent 	1
writing , skewed characters , 	0
to provoke them 	1
remarkable skill 	1
is the stuff that disney movies are made of . 	1
enough sentimental 	1
crawl up your own *** 	0
there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . 	0
that sends you out of the theater feeling 	1
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study 	1
engaging comedy 	1
certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes 	1
strong performances 	1
is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore . 	0
folds under its own thinness . 	0
itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension 	0
conceptual feat 	1
, sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment . 	0
genuine rather than pandering 	1
randolph 	1
great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers 	0
did i miss something ? 	0
a porno flick 	0
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life . 	1
simply by accident 	0
nothing special 	0
never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it 	0
this movie 's lack of ideas 	0
cynicism 	0
take an entirely stale concept and 	0
, wit and interesting characters 	1
is an all-time low for kevin costner 	0
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling 	1
it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson 	1
surprising flair 	1
i liked it just enough . 	1
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection . 	0
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather . 	0
some of the back-story is a little tired 	0
nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 	1
huppert ... is magnificent 	1
puzzle whose pieces do not fit 	0
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , 	0
-- and long -- for its own good 	0
of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun 	0
intrigue 	1
its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily 	0
is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking . 	1
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing 	1
kid-empowerment 	1
a fascinating , unnerving examination 	1
could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life . 	0
odoriferous thing 	0
brilliantly written and well-acted 	1
to gravity and plummets 	0
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and 	1
joy 	1
is wickedly fun to watch 	1
the imagined glory of their own pasts 	0
deft 	1
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . 	0
does n't have a passion for the material . 	0
but that they are doing it is thought-provoking . 	1
a climax 	1
, scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys 	1
neil burger 's impressive fake documentary 	1
in looking at the comic effects of jealousy 	1
is tenderly observant of his characters . 	1
its dark , delicate treatment 	1
has no idea of it is serious 	0
brutal and 	0
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , 	0
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists . 	1
classify as it is hard to resist 	1
, undisputed scores a direct hit . 	1
of menacing atmosphere 	1
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic 	0
perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters 	1
in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago 	1
usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona 	0
easy jokes and insults 	0
quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 	0
a sincerely crafted picture 	1
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 	0
long gone 	0
the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . 	0
is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce 	1
an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins 	0
by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	0
about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	1
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . 	1
spontaneity in its execution 	1
feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful . 	1
spiderman rocks 	1
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and 	0
was n't one of the film 's virtues . 	0
style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast 	0
stirs us as well . 	1
a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine . 	0
your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna 's cameo does n't suck ! 	1
an uneven film for the most part 	0
, the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music . 	0
miracles 	1
his storytelling skills have eroded 	0
`` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme 	1
, others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere . 	0
the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way . 	0
, madonna is one helluva singer . 	1
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and 	0
will probably find it fascinating 	1
good ear 	1
undistinguished rhythm 	0
have no idea what in creation is going on 	0
fascinating but flawed look 	1
spend years trying to comprehend it 	0
is both a snore and utter tripe 	0
to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and 	1
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary . 	1
the gloss 	1
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground 	0
bitter italian comedy 	0
banal dialogue 	0
of the smarter offerings the horror genre 	1
it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it 	1
optimism 	1
but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself 	1
as a tarantula , helga 	0
like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out 	1
been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand 	0
wannabe comedy 	0
afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience 	0
the better video-game-based flicks , 	1
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension 	0
blasphemous bad 	0
woozy quality 	0
nothing interesting in unfaithful 	0
sheds light 	1
work as well as a remarkably faithful one 	1
want to watch if you only had a week to live 	1
one-dimensional buffoons 	0
without a conclusion or pay off 	0
is a tired one 	0
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before 	0
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off 	0
terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects 	1
patient and tenacious 	1
the most horrific movie experience i 've had since `` ca n't stop the music . '' 	0
too obviously 	0
watch on video at home 	0
the movie is loaded with good intentions 	1
for occasional smiles 	1
of all ages 	1
bland , surfacey way 	0
this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and 	0
it 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland . 	0
begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i 	1
's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland 	0
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute 	1
frightening war scenes 	0
tremendous piece 	1
must have been astronomically bad 	0
the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult 	0
goes by quickly 	1
and that makes all the difference . 	1
the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept 	1
at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue . 	0
spotty 	0
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . 	1
while the performances are often engaging 	1
you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer 	1
solid filmmaking 	1
his outstanding performance 	1
's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid . 	0
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers 	1
perfect example 	1
elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect 	0
than an autopsy , the movie 	0
exploitative and 	0
offering fine acting moments and 	1
a wacky , screwball comedy 	1
solid , satisfying fare 	1
-- a nice , harmless date film 	1
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love . 	1
of 2-day old coke 	0
combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' 	1
have all but ruined his career 	0
worldly-wise and very funny 	1
has you study them 	1
get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby 	0
is n't just offensive 	0
pop up in nearly every corner of the country 	1
worth yet another visit 	1
friendly 	1
a deadly bore 	0
would go back and choose to skip it 	0
bravery 	1
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't . 	1
too many clever things 	0
a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit 	0
come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell . 	0
allowing us to find the small , human moments , 	1
desert 	0
spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 	1
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images . 	1
a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama 	1
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle 	1
to be liberating 	1
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial . 	0
gorgeous color palette 	1
starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together 	1
, ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 	0
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy . 	1
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports 	1
, still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema 	1
, but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid 	0
for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment . 	0
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , ( harris ) brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman . 	1
distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them 	0
luridly graphic and 	0
, clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 	0
that should be thrown back in the river 	0
drab 	0
is almost 	0
mike white 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching . 	1
still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly 	1
display an original talent 	1
but mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 	1
there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ? 	0
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography 	1
moments and an intelligent subtlety 	1
to the brim with ideas 	1
surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy 	0
its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter 	1
impressive talent 	1
the chills 	0
full of surprises 	1
you sweat 	1
i could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy . 	0
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea 	0
is still quite good-natured and 	1
rich in color and creativity 	1
found its audience , 	1
ends up being surprisingly dull 	0
he feels like a spectator and not a participant 	0
superficial . 	0
visual charm 	1
the filmmaking clumsy and rushed 	0
watch this movie 	1
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and 	1
to surprise us with plot twists 	1
ingenious fun 	1
a crass and insulting homage to great films 	0
have recharged him 	1
rancorous curiosity 	1
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it 	0
sexy , funny and touching . 	1
going to face frightening late fees 	0
is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish . 	1
is so engagingly 	1
of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 	0
that is as difficult for the audience to take as it 	0
putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film . 	0
a rip-off 	0
an obvious copy 	0
depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion 	1
is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy 	1
care 	1
laced 	0
with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors 	0
you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 	0
a real movie 	1
seem to match the power of their surroundings 	1
a pleasing way with a metaphor 	1
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family 	1
pretty damned funny 	1
flash but little emotional resonance 	0
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels . 	0
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer 	1
of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet 	1
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results 	1
provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience 	1
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined 	0
a cast of a-list brit actors 	1
... is at 22 a powerful young actor . 	1
we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls 	1
total misfire 	0
storytelling skills 	1
into the `` a '' range , as is 	1
at least now we 've got something pretty damn close 	1
therapy-dependent flakeball 	0
can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience . 	1
not scarier 	0
entertaining , if ultimately minor , 	1
lovely and 	1
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale 	1
from a woodland stream 	1
unfortunately , it runs for 170 	0
inspiring and 	1
hero performances 	1
blah 	0
the result is somewhat satisfying -- 	1
unlikeable 	0
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or 	0
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again . 	1
a true delight . 	1
most original fantasy film 	1
it 's not scary in the slightest . 	0
which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche 	0
make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience . 	1
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better 	0
that shows what great cinema can really do 	1
seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics 	0
of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works 	1
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? 	0
is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is 	1
good-looking 	1
it does n't give a damn 	0
done that ... a thousand times 	0
artificiality 	0
few things in this world more complex -- 	1
thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food . 	1
what could have 	0
best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . 	1
are a little peculiar 	0
a striking style behind the camera 	1
is surprisingly refreshing . 	1
gratitude 	1
sucks 	0
does n't trust laughs 	0
is n't the actor to save it . 	0
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed 	1
dated 	0
has a sure hand 	1
is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor 	0
is spot 	1
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers 	1
has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him 	1
is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . 	1
shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder . 	0
has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry 	1
all the usual spielberg flair 	1
got as potent a topic as ever here 	1
wang ) 	0
overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels 	0
sobering and powerful documentary 	1
spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful . 	1
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses 	1
for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb . 	0
found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . 	1
satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 	0
understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie 	0
did n't sell many records but 	0
the payoff is powerful and revelatory 	1
disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer 	0
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence . 	0
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away . 	0
the under-7 crowd 	1
the strange horror 	0
that works on any number of levels 	1
funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 	0
panic 	0
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to . 	1
is better 	1
sound so dull 	0
the rest of the cast is uniformly superb 	1
it appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making . 	0
his most daring , and complicated , performances 	1
smart , sassy and exceptionally charming 	1
far less 	0
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation . 	0
, compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity 	1
hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art 	0
lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	1
be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it 	0
a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience 	1
're in a slap-happy mood 	1
journalistically dubious , inept 	0
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like 	0
's loud and boring 	0
hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 	1
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them . 	0
see because the theater 	1
grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	1
's quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . ' 	1
ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 	0
you 'll cheer . 	1
finds its tone and several scenes run too long . 	0
entrapment in the maze of modern life 	1
is a convincing one , 	1
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and 	1
the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother 	1
got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	0
of an alternative lifestyle 	1
, twisted sort 	0
not as outrageous or funny 	0
gives hollywood sequels 	1
forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	1
pick up new admirers 	1
flawed and 	0
satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago 	1
( a ) painfully flat gross-out comedy 	0
stiff 	0
surprisingly charming 	1
is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film 	0
crucifixion 	0
's also disappointing to a certain degree . 	0
weirdness 	0
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would . 	0
, you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . 	0
truest sense 	1
present an unflinching look 	1
audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying 	1
to enjoy its own transparency 	1
does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter 	1
made with an enormous amount of affection 	1
to engross even the most antsy youngsters 	1
he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause 	1
is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances 	0
caring for animals and 	1
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying 	0
bold colors 	1
schütte 's dramatic snapshot 	1
soon-to-be-forgettable 	0
light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat 	1
is powerful and revelatory 	1
visually dazzling 	1
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm . 	1
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity 	1
a worthwhile moviegoing experience 	1
the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . 	0
consistently amusing 	1
have given this movie a rating of zero 	0
two star script 	0
the script has less spice than a rat burger and 	0
technical proficiency 	1
to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy 	0
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence . 	1
feel like mopping up 	0
gadgets 	1
what can easily be considered career-best performances 	1
the pseudo-educational stuff 	0
davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air 	1
issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate 	0
gutsy and 	1
good stuff 	1
-- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein 's brain . 	0
shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes 	0
no foundation 	0
is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction 	1
cheery 	1
, uncompromising 	0
searing performances 	1
dearly 	1
the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids 	1
, cliche-ridden 	0
pathetic 	0
when a movie has stuck around for this long 	1
-- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- 	1
provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater 	1
a lifetime 	1
for the kids 	1
the perfect festival film 	1
so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness 	0
of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation 	1
the touch 	1
stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks 	0
morgen and nanette burstein 	1
that graze the funny bone 	1
a tap-dancing rhino 	0
to avoid 	0
sensuality 	1
an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema 	1
arthur schnitzler 's reigen 	1
takes no apparent joy 	0
does n't quite go the distance 	0
itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 	1
looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day 	1
elegance and maturity 	1
a truly , truly bad movie 	0
a played-out idea 	0
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it . 	0
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir 	1
construct a story 	1
're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments . 	0
adequately fills the eyes 	1
standout 	1
features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase 	0
its inescapable absurdities 	0
quirky and fearless 	1
seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' 	0
quickly forgettable 	0
in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world 	1
spits out 	0
a film you will never forget 	1
vibrant and 	1
also has humor and heart and very talented young actors 	1
intelligent observations 	1
overly familiar scenario 	0
falls 	0
whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile 	1
funny 	1
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly . 	0
a pair of fascinating performances 	1
( cattaneo ) sophomore slump 	0
goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better . 	0
that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender 	1
sentimental script 	1
inherently funny 	1
ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors . 	0
is honestly 	1
demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 	1
grant is certainly amusing , but 	1
cheesy b-movie playing 	0
looking like something wholly original 	1
unshapely look 	0
full of funny situations and honest observations 	1
is a step down for director gary fleder 	0
been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 	0
of the best next generation episodes 	1
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s . 	1
of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack 	1
runs out of steam after a half hour 	0
with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy 	1
's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge 	1
schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , 	0
nervous 	0
rock solid family fun out of the gates , 	1
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : 	1
it looks like an action movie , but 	0
ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context 	1
the u.s. 	1
hmmm 	0
make chan 's action sequences boring . 	0
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance 	0
please eastwood 's loyal fans 	1
what punk rock music used to be 	1
work and 2002 's first great film 	1
wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself 	0
which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while 	1
genuinely enthusiastic performances 	1
tortured and self-conscious material 	0
funny , 	1
argentinean ` dramedy ' 	1
his best film 	1
really , really stupid 	0
recalls the classics of early italian neorealism 	1
it 's like a drive-by . 	0
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor 	1
it is not worth 	0
seen city 	1
watch these two together 	1
myopic 	0
at once visceral and spiritual 	1
makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend 	1
is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 	0
if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer . 	1
a pretty good team 	1
run through its otherwise comic narrative . 	1
a much better mother-daughter tale 	1
really cool bit 	1
most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears . 	0
's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood 	1
big-hearted 	1
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport 	1
the film never feels draggy 	1
it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously . 	0
salvos hitting a discernible target . 	1
it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points . 	0
come to love 	1
superb 	1
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit . 	1
, or inventive 	1
has a spirit that can not be denied 	1
as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain . 	1
what 's with all the shooting 	0
of ` ethnic cleansing 	0
without neglecting character development for even one minute 	1
really poor comedic writing 	0
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , 	1
more plot 	1
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you 	1
unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . 	1
this enthralling documentary 	1
does steven seagal come across these days ? 	0
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized 	0
lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story 	1
end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched 	1
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character 	1
a brilliant college student 	1
loose , unaccountable 	0
it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming 	0
this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . 	1
a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	1
of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill 	0
all ca n't stand 	0
even murphy 's expert comic timing and 	1
who are trying to make their way through this tragedy 	0
great for the kids 	1
'' has-been 	0
be easy for critics to shred it 	0
a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series 	0
, big-hearted and frequently 	1
drooling idiots 	0
did n't connect with me would require another viewing 	0
they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ... 	0
like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 	0
for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty 	1
a searing lead performance 	1
menacing atmosphere 	0
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but 	0
are many definitions of ` time waster ' 	0
hours of material to discuss 	1
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud . 	0
that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . 	1
luminous interviews 	1
the script 's refusal of a happy ending 	0
alternating with lots of sloppiness 	0
gets old quickly 	0
of the obvious cliches 	0
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . 	0
after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood 	0
leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors 	1
using them as punching bags 	0
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism 	0
exhausted , desiccated talent 	0
the laziness and arrogance 	0
low-tech magic realism 	0
`` spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . 	1
this delightful comedy 	1
vapid 	0
a worthwhile effort 	1
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort . 	0
by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 	0
extraordinary access 	1
so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing 	1
highly engaging . 	1
wisdom and emotion 	1
fascinating , unnerving examination 	1
watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power . 	1
you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one 	0
about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh 	0
arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two 	1
affection for its characters 	1
mixes in as much humor as pathos 	1
a complete moron 	0
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . 	0
few nice twists 	1
a moving story 	1
a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing 	0
not only better than its predecessor 	1
funny and , in the end , very touching 	1
too skewed to ever get a hold on 	0
thriller as lazy as it is interminable 	0
's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 . 	0
a funny , puzzling movie 	1
, i enjoyed it just as much ! 	1
stooping 	0
with a completely predictable plot 	0
solid base 	1
by bad luck and their own immaturity 	0
to a strangely sinister happy ending 	1
had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama 	0
so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat . 	0
, pathetic , starving and untalented 	0
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher . 	0
has merit and 	1
, with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes . 	1
both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise 	1
not that any of us 	0
astonish and entertain 	1
play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution 	1
a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 	1
be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble 	1
having been slimed in the name of high art 	0
shooting itself 	0
, sterile and lacking 	0
elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe 	0
been worth cheering as a breakthrough 	1
all credibility flies out the window . 	0
corny television 	0
fights the good fight in vietnam 	1
engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay 	1
rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy 	1
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : 	0
hughes comedy 	1
the disjointed 	0
assumes you are n't very bright 	0
is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery . 	1
's not entirely memorable 	0
heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long 	0
nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose 	0
daring and beautifully made 	1
, you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work . 	1
works against itself 	0
i hated myself in the morning . 	0
with efficiency and an affection for the period 	1
confection that 's pure entertainment 	1
bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority 	1
the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor 	0
is impressive 	1
if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this . 	1
... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 	1
of the jokes , most at women 's expense 	0
fascination , and 	1
amazing slapstick 	1
low , very low , 	0
weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen 	0
leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics 	0
told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 	1
those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 	1
undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold 	0
starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television 	0
is even worse 	0
the inspiration of the original 	1
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't 	1
fine idea 	1
mawkish 	0
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business . 	1
the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 	0
so stupid 	0
a good chance of being the big 	1
wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness 	1
it 's a masterpeice . 	1
a sour taste 	0
, much better . 	1
but on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie . 	1
a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 	0
the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . 	1
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role 	1
are too simplistic to maintain interest 	0
most wondrously gifted artists 	1
rushed , 	0
relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . 	1
thanks to the presence of ` the king 	1
surreal ache of mortal awareness 	1
the unexplored story opportunities of `` punch-drunk love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson . 	1
by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others 	1
economical 	1
as powerful rather than cloying 	1
its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant 	0
does n't add up to a whole lot . 	0
in perfect balance 	1
ridicule factor 	0
thriller `` new best friend '' 	1
barbershop is n't as funny as it should be 	0
spider invasion comic chiller 	1
long , slow and dreary 	0
video games are more involving than this mess . 	0
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness 	0
inspiration and 	1
witty dialogue and inventive moments 	1
the creative animation work 	1
slice of comedic bliss 	1
a fluid and mesmerizing sequence 	1
doing its namesake proud 	1
although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired 	0
a renowned indian film culture 	1
the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes . 	0
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story . 	1
30 seconds of plot 	0
, it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times . 	1
was better 	1
interesting story 	1
a marvel of production design . 	1
will leave you wanting to abandon the theater 	0
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital 	0
they do n't fit well together and 	0
the pushiness and decibel volume 	0
diverse 	1
rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting 	0
deep intelligence and 	1
bad-movie 	0
than their funny accents 	1
fun , popcorn movies 	1
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson . 	1
uniqueness 	1
interesting and thoroughly 	1
( shyamalan ) turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count . 	1
does seem pretty unbelievable at times 	0
those monologues stretch on and on 	0
a perfect wildean actor 	1
you wo n't be disappointed 	1
friendship , 	1
put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese 	1
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable . 	1
virtuoso throat-singing 	1
recognize 	1
gives human nature its unique feel 	1
every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy 	1
ferrara 's best film 	1
uneventful 	0
you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 	1
of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness 	0
the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 	1
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness 	0
establishes its ominous mood and tension 	1
almost unbearably 	0
has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed 	1
loved ones 	1
me as unusually and unimpressively fussy 	0
is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish 	0
gorgeousness . 	1
the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire 	0
of domestic tension and unhappiness 	0
very talented 	1
the movie dragged on 	0
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . 	0
he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	0
is definitely a director to watch . 	1
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving 	1
's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies . 	0
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , 	0
into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department 	0
make this a charmer . 	1
his lack 	0
the year 's greatest adventure 	1
both the beauty of the land and the people 	1
entirely irony-free 	1
how it washed out despite all of that 	0
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve 	1
of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 	1
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying 	1
laugh once ( maybe twice ) 	1
a one-of-a-kind work 	1
perfectly entertaining summer diversion 	1
many can aspire but none can equal 	1
retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing . 	0
that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's 	0
is n't a very involving one 	0
simpler , leaner 	1
pointless extremes 	0
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought . 	1
consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work 	1
... hokey art house pretension . 	0
because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks 	0
( hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through . 	0
are complex and quirky , but entirely believable 	1
a potentially trite and overused concept 	0
... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows 	1
impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head 	1
closed 	1
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up 	1
struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones 	1
useless 	0
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself 	1
faltering half-step 	0
... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . 	1
intricately constructed 	1
a fantastically vital movie 	1
sensitive and 	1
survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller 	1
the master of disguise is awful . 	0
entertaining and , ultimately , 	1
those gimmicks 	0
, barbershop is tuned in to its community . 	1
to be wholesome and subversive at the same time 	1
fail 	0
has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy 	1
combustible mixture 	1
dry and 	0
pleasing verisimilitude 	1
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . 	1
works beautifully 	1
to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release 	0
putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank 	0
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes . 	1
the masterful british actor ian holm 	1
above superficiality 	1
be intriguing 	1
stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . 	0
absurd collection 	0
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin 	1
too safe 	0
is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple . 	1
of virtually plotless meanderings 	0
'll still be glued to the screen 	1
of boring 	0
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world . 	1
likely to find compelling 	1
made on the cheap 	0
has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 	1
great scares and 	1
nor a cliché left unsaid 	0
giddy and provocative sexual 	1
the most highly-praised disappointments i 	0
unconvincing 	0
a few good ideas 	1
unbearable when it is n't merely offensive 	0
see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 	0
delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information . 	1
tasty 	1
the spectacle of small-town competition 	1
terrific role 	1
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film 	0
viewed as pure composition and form -- 	1
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye . 	1
problems and 	0
dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost 	0
unrecoverable life 	0
so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work 	0
one of his most daring , and complicated , performances 	1
, festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 	1
misfire that even tunney ca n't save 	0
vivid characters 	1
watch these two together again 	1
undergo radical changes when it suits the script 	0
a finely tuned mood 	1
self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music 	0
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ... 	1
'' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . 	0
you want the story to go on and on 	1
assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	0
brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 	0
is part of the fun 	1
overwrought 	0
sterling 	1
tells a deeper story 	1
that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about 	0
uneasily 	0
the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 	0
a backbone 	1
the hook 	1
suck the audience in 	1
strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances 	1
even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic 	1
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket 	1
courageous scottish lady 	1
feel like you were n't invited to the party 	0
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap . 	0
edgy thriller 	1
as the film breaks your heart 	1
the movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster . 	0
from a stunningly unoriginal premise 	0
the film does pack some serious suspense . 	1
tiring 	0
'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state 	1
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you 	0
tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony 	0
proves itself a more streamlined 	1
with remarkable serenity and discipline 	1
does the nearly impossible 	1
there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck 	1
too much syrup 	0
its critical backlash 	0
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics 	0
becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . 	0
was inspired 	1
the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death . 	1
bland songs 	0
like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank 	0
that was hard for me to warm up to 	0
beyond the end zone 	1
figures prominently in this movie 	1
staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . 	0
'' exceeds expectations . 	1
inventiveness 	1
was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention . 	0
open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set 	1
sit through -- despite some first-rate performances 	1
the action is dazzling 	1
director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher 	1
held hostage 	0
is visually ravishing 	1
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic . 	1
will prefer this new version 	1
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as 	1
it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women . 	0
wall 	1
despite slick production values and director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 	0
, crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . 	0
strange and beautiful film . 	1
's just too boring and obvious 	0
, uneven action comedy 	0
all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 	0
funny fanatics 	1
fantastic movie 	1
make love a joy to behold . 	1
better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies 	0
nothing but an episode 	0
their bodies 	1
is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them . 	1
showcases a group of dedicated artists 	1
the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear 	1
pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting 	1
very , very good reasons 	1
the pleasures of a well-made pizza 	1
an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested 	0
rather simplistic 	0
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie . 	1
's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long . 	0
smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy . 	1
the movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell . 	0
to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power 	1
lost and desolate 	0
tears welled up in my eyes both times 	1
potentially good comic premise 	1
what once was conviction is now affectation 	0
tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 	0
as fascinating 	1
that with really poor comedic writing 	0
offers few surprises 	0
hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - 	0
weave a protective cocoon around his own ego 	0
war-weary marine 	0
painfully padded . 	0
a sharp , amusing study of the cult 	1
entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action 	1
flirts with propaganda 	0
of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick 	1
agreed 	1
to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity 	1
is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise 	0
including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen 	1
he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time . 	1
subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances 	0
paul cox needed to show it . 	0
skip this dreck 	0
marginal intelligence 	0
delightfully so 	1
that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere 	0
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here . 	0
nevertheless , it still seems endless . 	0
a few laughs 	1
vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs . 	1
this is just lazy writing . 	0
becomes a soulful , incisive meditation 	1
are of the highest and the performances 	1
zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special . 	1
is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next . 	1
with so much first-rate talent 	1
in welcome perspective 	1
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ... 	0
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances 	1
the visuals , even erotically frank ones , 	1
meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . 	1
believe that resident evil is not it . 	0
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive 	0
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious 	0
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work 	0
upbeat ending 	1
pokemon 4ever 	1
for granted in most films are mishandled here 	0
smug grin 	0
's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows 	0
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle 	1
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ? 	1
, moving , and adventurous directorial debut 	1
skillfully assembled , 	1
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why 	0
samuel l. jackson is one of the best actors there is . 	1
treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . 	1
grabs you 	1
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but 	0
to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 	0
sustain interest to the end 	1
should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! '' 	1
own ambitious goals 	1
that 's enough to sustain laughs 	1
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony 	1
in hero worship 	1
feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject 	1
unexpected flashes of dark comedy 	1
is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death . 	1
the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts 	1
inspiration 	1
lifelong concern 	1
a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout 	0
neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is 	0
delightfully 	1
brilliant and brutal 	1
repeated at least four times 	0
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news 	0
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ? 	0
's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing . 	1
futile 	0
month 	1
-- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	0
wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting 	1
collapses under its own meager weight . 	0
a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted 	1
flat , unconvincing 	0
the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . 	1
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	1
love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . 	1
unusual homes 	1
, beautifully realized 	1
the misery 	0
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly 	0
is this so boring 	0
such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen 	1
with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long 	0
's rarely as entertaining as it could have been 	0
pretty good little movie 	1
that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective 	1
that the movie has no idea of it is serious or 	0
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree . 	1
willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching 	1
here a more annoying , though less angry 	0
hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss 	0
( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) 	0
warped logic 	0
's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison . 	0
the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy 	0
about death 	0
often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films . 	0
push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time 	0
bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve 	1
this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull . 	0
the best of hollywood 's comic-book 	1
, brilliant and macabre 	1
bitter nor sweet 	1
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing . 	0
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time . 	0
a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex 	1
the film 's saving graces 	1
irreparably 	0
is a riveting , brisk delight . 	1
slapstick and unfunny tricks 	0
, bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . 	0
so warm and fuzzy 	1
surefire , beloved genres 	1
abysmally 	0
making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time 	1
some real vitality and even art 	1
dumb fart 	0
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ? 	0
logical , unforced continuation 	1
contrived , awkward 	0
that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice 	1
a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels 	1
is among wiseman 's warmest . 	1
that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard 	0
's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed 	1
... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny . 	0
`` gangs '' is never lethargic 	1
bravura performance 	1
whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films 	1
beautiful scene 	1
uninspired preachy and clichéd war 	0
updated dickensian sensibility 	1
the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions 	1
a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor 	1
, the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . 	1
however , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome . 	1
could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again 	0
too much norma rae 	0
technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive 	1
the best the contest received 	1
suffers from all the excesses 	0
is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . 	1
` it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . ' 	0
is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad . 	1
seen as hip , winking social commentary 	1
rare family movie 	1
no laughs . 	0
little less bling-bling and a lot more 	0
his machismo 	1
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it 	0
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality . 	0
in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life 	0
the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special 	0
beautiful work 	1
sane and breathtakingly creative film 	1
wonder 	1
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- 	1
hide new secretions 	0
's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness 	1
a pathetically 	0
dull-witted and disquietingly creepy 	0
a consummate actor incapable of being boring 	1
becomes too heavy for the plot 	0
with an assurance worthy of international acclaim 	1
the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction 	1
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost 	1
traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	1
gratingly unfunny 	0
in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute 	0
has a solid emotional impact . 	1
troubled and 	0
sketchiest 	0
holm does his sly , intricate magic , 	1
britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel 	0
emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show . 	0
a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence 	1
will find millions of eager fans . 	1
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime . 	0
presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) 	1
for some major alterations 	1
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in 	0
relatively dry 	0
... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing . 	1
too easy 	0
of these tragic deaths 	0
is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication 	0
bump in the night and nobody cares 	0
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but 	1
is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream 	0
falls to the floor with a sickening thud 	0
's little to recommend snow dogs 	0
the sick character 	0
sentimental mess 	0
that the movie does not do them justice 	0
its story 	1
astonishing ... ( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment 	1
exudes the urbane sweetness 	1
this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . 	0
a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one . 	1
take me back to a time 	1
induces headaches 	0
takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women 	0
like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids 	1
julie taymor 's preposterous titus 	0
be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	1
ultimately undo him 	0
you turn stupid 	0
humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life 	1
delightfully unpredictable , hilarious 	1
a computer-generated cold fish 	0
, one hour photo lives down to its title . 	0
worldly-wise and very funny script 	1
as a fairly weak retooling 	0
polished and vastly entertaining 	1
resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 	0
simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply 	0
satisfyingly unsettling ride 	1
the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while 	1
search of purpose or even a plot 	0
an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers 	1
terrible 	0
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . 	0
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong 	1
the best espionage picture 	1
lan yu never catches dramatic fire . 	0
tens of thousands of german jewish refugees 	0
some startling , surrealistic moments 	1
annoying rather than charming 	0
is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . 	1
impeccable comic timing 	1
do well to cram earplugs in their ears and 	0
is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen 	0
takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth 	1
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck 	0
for its excellent storytelling , its economical 	1
is generous and deep 	1
failed 	0
most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 	0
it 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal . 	1
the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success 	1
the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments 	1
superbly 	1
french coming-of-age import 	1
capable of anteing up some movie star charisma 	1
a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around 	1
sad but 	0
esteemed 	1
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed . 	0
problematic quest 	0
substantial or fresh 	1
watchable by a bravura performance 	1
labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 	1
misdemeanor 	0
, has solid acting and a neat premise 	1
is infectious 	1
it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle . 	1
i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks . 	1
sad schlock merchant 	0
its poignancy hooks us completely 	1
less bling-bling 	0
slickly staged 	1
sluggish pace and lack 	0
relies on subtle ironies and visual devices 	1
exaggerated action 	0
are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting 	1
a movie to forget 	0
's fun , 	1
the central flaw of the film 	0
's too loud 	0
wallowing in its characters ' frustrations 	0
the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet 	1
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy 	0
makes the journey feel like a party 	1
a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh . 	1
truly , truly bad 	0
on , well , love in the time of money 	1
the story 's scope and pageantry 	1
uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows 	1
a quaint , romanticized rendering 	1
be glued to the screen 	1
warmth and 	1
the plot has a number of holes , 	0
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid 	0
oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk 	1
clever , amusing and unpredictable 	1
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens 	0
rambling incoherence 	0
has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances 	1
, intelligent eyes 	1
scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm 	1
france 's most inventive directors 	1
the ideal outlet 	1
were convinced to waste their time 	0
's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . 	1
created a masterful work of art of their own 	1
linklater 	0
( green is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 	0
no . . 	0
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years . 	1
bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company 	0
, you still have to see this ! 	1
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . 	0
proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored . 	1
get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized 	0
display greatness 	1
it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity . 	1
the gentle comic treatment 	1
is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ... 	1
grounded in an undeniable social realism 	1
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy 	0
, ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . ' 	0
none of this sounds promising and 	0
the film is well worthwhile . 	1
patience , respect and affection 	1
every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length 	0
uncomfortably close to losing my lunch 	0
to give them credit for : the message of the movie 	1
remotely new or interesting 	0
can hear you snore 	0
says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style 	0
, sloppy 	0
falls far short 	0
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . 	0
be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop 	1
appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché 	0
see her esther blossom as an actress , 	1
delivers big time 	1
that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience 	1
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff 	0
smear 	0
a thriller with an edge 	1
delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion 	1
dubious human being 	0
there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme . 	0
conquers 	1
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe . 	0
to show us why it 's compelling 	1
is hardly a masterpiece 	0
, the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn . 	1
emerge with unimpeachable clarity 	1
for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . 	1
this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events 	1
poorly-constructed comedy 	0
aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice 	0
rousing , g-rated family film 	1
absurdist wit 	1
a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis 	0
hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being . 	1
bill morrison 's decasia 	1
usually dread encountering the most 	0
sure to win viewers ' hearts 	1
ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . 	0
must have been lost in the translation . 	0
despite auteuil 's performance 	0
option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept 	0
at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans 	0
the thin veneer 	0
the delicate forcefulness 	1
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness 	1
will just as likely make you weep 	1
's still a guilty pleasure to watch . 	1
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . 	1
nation 	1
is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , 	1
scream low budget 	0
the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers . 	0
of the potential for sanctimoniousness 	0
interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity 	0
lacks dramatic punch and depth 	0
david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . 	1
you want to slap it 	0
great performances , stylish cinematography and 	1
can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . 	1
garden music video 	1
nice piece of work 	1
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 	1
a re-hash 	0
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ? 	0
tired old vision 	0
lame 	0
snl '' has-been 	0
horrible . 	0
a pretentious and 	0
is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade 	1
any movie with a life-affirming message 	1
to the experience 	1
even worse 	0
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy 	1
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen 	0
tub-thumpingly loud 	0
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . 	1
how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg 	0
is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure 	1
highly uneven 	0
one of the most exciting action films 	1
offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience 	0
is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 	1
cliché-riddled genre 	0
a better script 	1
, then go see this delightful comedy . 	1
disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice 	0
absurdist 	0
seem like a bad idea from frame one 	0
of grace 	1
bright shining star 	1
romantic and serenely 	1
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world . 	1
ick 	0
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture 	0
is far from disappointing , 	1
cliffhanger 	1
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . 	1
its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before . 	0
fussing over too weak a recipe 	0
touched by an unprecedented tragedy 	0
looking for a return ticket to realism 	0
really is enormously good fun . 	1
includes battlefield earth and showgirls 	0
for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors 	1
over-the-top trash 	0
that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it 	1
because of the universal themes , earnest performances 	1
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , 	0
's nothing wrong with that 	1
convincing portrayal 	1
it drags during its 112-minute length 	0
, it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . 	1
quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship 	1
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character . 	1
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , 	0
aimless , arduous , and arbitrary 	0
a lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him . 	1
sports extravaganza 	1
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and 	1
loose , poorly structured film 	0
and as bland 	0
it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	1
where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' 	0
its audience giddy 	1
implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history 	1
piercing 	1
its recycled aspects , 	0
its true-to-life characters , 	1
limpid and conventional historical fiction 	0
pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 	0
dark to be decipherable 	0
stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites 	0
seem to match the power of their surroundings . 	1
that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s 	1
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , 	1
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical 	0
is dark , brooding and slow 	0
hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers 	0
there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue . 	0
handed down from the movie gods 	1
are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces . 	1
that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness 	1
get excited about on this dvd 	1
'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . 	0
of artifice and purpose 	1
that surprises or delights 	1
is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless . 	0
was immensely enjoyable 	1
pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale 	1
easier to digest 	1
contest to see who can out-bad-act the other 	0
what an idea , what a thrill ride . 	1
from a television monitor 	1
no better or worse than ` truth or consequences , n.m. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater . 	0
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle . 	1
fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile 	1
a good human 	1
the most surprising thing about this film 	1
unfortunately also 	0
a great american adventure 	1
imaginative 	1
of his most daring , and complicated , performances 	1
aimless , arduous , 	0
too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece 	0
is where ararat went astray . 	0
prove diverting enough 	1
to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	1
should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 	0
a generic bloodbath 	0
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized . 	0
the novel charm 	1
pathetic idea 	0
a bad improvisation exercise , 	0
a major waste ... generic 	0
only surprise 	0
as beautiful , desirable 	1
come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another . 	0
wonderful fencing scenes and 	1
sure , it 's contrived and predictable 	0
absolute joy 	1
heart as important as humor 	1
creative energy and wit to entertain all ages 	1
into a poem of art , music and metaphor 	1
laughed that hard in years 	1
this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest 	1
, assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others 	0
mostly fool 's gold 	0
know what it wants to be when it grows up 	1
its amiable jerking 	0
emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment 	0
a boring , pretentious muddle 	0
, it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie 	0
gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality 	1
would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects 	0
not only a pianist , but a good human being 	1
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey . 	1
owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ? 	0
's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . 	1
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm 	1
well-put-together 	1
is so rich with period minutiae 	1
grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor 	1
is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons 	1
more ambivalent set 	0
i ca n't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies . 	0
rambles aimlessly 	0
a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence . 	0
sweeping , dramatic 	1
numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before . 	0
edits 	1
is n't entirely persuasive 	0
smart and well-crafted 	1
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and 	0
some laughs and a smile 	1
derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films 	0
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but 	0
the movie is better than you might think . 	1
by a british cast 	1
an intimate feeling 	1
recommended -- 	1
tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims 	1
a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense 	1
humble , teach and ultimately 	1
first-class , natural acting and 	1
gross-out humor 	0
solemn pretension 	0
about memory and regret 	1
best indie of the year , so far . 	1
the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen ( vega ) and juni ( sabara ) cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take . 	1
like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 	1
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end 	0
enjoyable family fare 	1
a more mythic level 	1
strong supporting players 	1
watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement 	0
is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! 	0
well-behaved film 	1
a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago 	0
of a handsome and well-made entertainment 	1
, you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . 	0
, i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . 	0
showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings 	0
best little `` horror '' movie 	1
amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest 	0
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ? 	0
found a cult favorite 	1
feels familiar and tired 	0
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody 	1
familiar , funny 	1
imaginatively mixed 	1
cold blanket 	0
no idea what in creation is going on 	0
i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking 	0
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , 	0
a century and a half ago 	1
sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously 	0
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor . 	1
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , 	1
bad movie . 	0
being neither 	0
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration 	0
a huge heart 	1
lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold 	0
the wrong things 	0
kids-cute sentimentality 	1
raunchy and frequently hilarious 	1
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long 	1
improvise and scream 	1
big bad love 	1
the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia . 	0
do n't want to think too much about what 's going on 	0
what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors 	1
delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph 	1
rich with period minutiae 	1
sick , twisted sort 	0
just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on 	0
laziness and arrogance 	0
two fatal ailments 	0
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . 	0
this clever and very satisfying picture 	1
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them . 	1
with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks 	0
the trailer is a riot . 	1
, this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises . 	1
no rooting interest 	0
remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . 	0
entertaining thriller 	1
this is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair 	1
robotically italicized 	0
incompetent cops 	0
mind-numbing 	0
become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters 	0
common sense 	1
bodacious 	1
this director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . 	0
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , 	1
well-meant but unoriginal . 	0
we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life 	0
thuds 	0
setting distracts 	0
asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well 	0
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales . 	1
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... 	1
of this sad , compulsive life 	0
told and retold 	0
joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins 	1
in the series 	1
written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . 	1
slow 	0
be a single iota worse 	0
protect your community 	1
a bit repetitive 	0
elegant 	1
meaningful cinema 	1
strongest film 	1
dumb gags , anatomical humor , 	0
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story 	1
a stupid , derivative horror film 	0
this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy 	1
revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	1
efficient 	1
can certainly go the distance , 	1
with a teeth-clenching gusto 	1
delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling 	1
helpful 	1
succeeds through sincerity . 	1
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done . 	1
exceptional performances 	1
it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . 	0
alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but ayurveda does the field no favors . 	0
i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful . 	0
has value can not be denied . 	1
amusing for a good while 	1
clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 	0
major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera 	1
make a delightful comedy centering on food 	1
imbue the theme with added depth and resonance 	1
staggeringly unoriginal terms 	0
contradictory things 	0
a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast 	0
compelling investigation 	1
french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama 	1
are no special effects , and no hollywood endings . 	0
has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best 	1
i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next 	1
you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 	1
masterpiece 	1
as a friend 	1
abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . 	0
rated eee for excitement . 	1
made the full monty a smashing success 	1
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd 	0
to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story 	1
bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor 	1
is a complete mess 	0
honestly 	1
intriguing and downright intoxicating 	1
slick and sprightly cgi feature 	1
the hilarious writer-director himself 	1
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in 	1
throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling 	1
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; 	0
have a bad , bad , bad movie 	0
for no apparent reason except 	0
see a better thriller 	0
, it drags 	0
that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash 	0
reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon 	0
the feel of poetic tragedy 	0
had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain 	1
lack depth or complexity , 	0
, this is the ultimate movie experience 	1
cerebral 	1
i stay positive 	1
be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still 	0
a believable mother/daughter pair 	1
1993 classic 	1
pretty funny movie 	1
-- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- 	0
future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter 	0
it 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness . 	0
dinner guest 	1
degenerates 	0
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting 	0
students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously . 	1
told with humor and poignancy 	1
an unexpectedly sweet story 	1
it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 	1
the problems with the film 	0
analyze this , not 	0
expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence 	1
washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him 	1
sounds like horrible poetry 	0
to ignite sparks 	1
is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends . 	1
kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business . 	0
so intimate 	1
it does so without compromising that complexity . 	1
most charmless 	0
love , family 	1
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence . 	1
endearing , masterful 	1
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject 	0
a very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy . 	1
a dull girl , 	0
you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger 	1
graceful , moving tribute 	1
is enticing 	1
we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic 	0
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing . 	0
mordantly funny and intimately knowing ... 	1
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment 	1
make fun of me for liking showgirls 	0
as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension 	1
instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 	1
wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv 's big brother 	1
mediocre 	0
the songs translate well to film 	1
to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi 	0
bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points 	0
the joy the characters take in this creed 	1
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich 	1
romantic comedy 	1
no solace here , no entertainment value 	0
madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . 	1
in rapt attention 	1
is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . 	0
get lost in the murk of its own making 	0
woozy 	0
is its reliance on formula , though 	0
if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll love this movie . 	1
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity . 	1
an interesting technical exercise 	1
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting . 	0
why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? 	0
is a visual treat for all audiences . 	1
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and 	0
some body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have . 	1
been there done that 	0
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs 	0
the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph 	1
in a dead-end existence 	0
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise 	0
the painstaking 	0
the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby 	0
you 'll regret 	0
do all three quite well , 	1
funnier version of the old police academy flicks . 	1
a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds 	0
a sweet and modest and 	1
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed . 	1
strikes a potent chemistry with molina 	1
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies 	1
to the energetic and always surprising performance 	1
yong kang 	1
it looks good 	1
well-crafted letdown . 	0
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material 	0
about hatred 	1
his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 	1
the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance 	1
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . ' 	1
flailing reputation 	0
might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) . 	0
well-deserved reputation 	1
just is n't very funny . 	0
deeper and more engaging 	1
their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) 	0
insightfully 	1
's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making . 	0
arresting 	1
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels . 	1
worthy predecessors 	1
idol 	1
into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 	1
it 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere . 	0
call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made 	1
, danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction . 	1
adams just copies from various sources -- 	0
trashy fun 	1
as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief 	1
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring . 	0
on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy 	1
of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family 	1
tasty performance 	1
some kind of goofy grandeur 	1
worshipful 	1
a gripping documentary that 	1
a brazil-like , hyper-real satire 	0
a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 	1
not the craven of ' a nightmare 	0
its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . 	0
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games . 	1
a love story as sanguine as its title 	1
movie dawdle 	0
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one . 	0
talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching . 	1
stay away 	0
gets under your skin and , some plot blips 	0
pretty much delivers on that promise . 	1
hard time 	0
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings 	1
it wo n't hold up over the long haul , 	0
feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema 	1
boasting this many genuine cackles 	1
religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and 	1
will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades 	0
be a huge cut of above the rest 	1
genuinely unnerving 	0
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , 	0
cheap-looking 	0
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional . 	0
the whole thing never existed 	0
it shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable . 	1
big fat pain . 	0
independent or 	1
and crude storyline 	0
the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 	0
a brilliant college student -- 	1
for humor in so many teenage comedies 	1
far-flung 	0
first-rate , especially sorvino 	1
transparent attempts 	0
feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life 	0
can relate 	1
it feels accidental 	0
be said to squander jennifer love hewitt 	0
most entertaining moments 	1
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable 	0
far more impact 	1
you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together 	0
this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be . 	1
inadequate 	0
watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards 	1
hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful 	1
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness 	0
gang 	0
hanukkah 	1
the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	1
virtually nothing to show 	0
the hackneyed story 	0
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth 	1
, dumb 	0
veiling tension 	0
with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery 	1
justify his exercise 	0
kitschy goodwill 	1
modern art 	1
pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference 	0
work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' 	0
wise and elegiac ... 	1
of the creative act 	1
a spirited film and a must-see 	1
is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . 	0
, luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine 	0
its superior cast 	1
is a remarkably original work 	1
's appealingly manic and energetic 	1
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . ' 	1
actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode 	0
has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life 	1
sympathizing with terrorist motivations 	0
a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead 	0
, wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . 	1
at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 	1
a solid cast 	1
is worth seeking . 	1
technically 	1
chuckles 	0
amounts to little more than punishment 	0
the music makes a nice album , 	1
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie 	0
've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed 	0
, there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone . 	1
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story 	1
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , 	1
stylized sequences 	1
to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images 	1
sinks into by-the-numbers territory 	0
more enjoyable than i expected 	1
at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness 	0
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic 	0
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook . 	0
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- 	1
's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can 	1
manages , with terrific flair 	1
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham 	1
on both sides it falls short 	0
marvelous series 	1
does n't have all the answers 	0
the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray 	0
seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags 	0
the filmmaker would disagree 	0
connection or identification frustratingly 	0
provide insight 	1
turned out to be a one-trick pony 	0
's hard to resist 	1
found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally 	1
rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek 	0
short running 	0
fake , dishonest 	0
... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully . 	1
then you 're in for a painful ride . 	0
director hoffman , his writer and kline 's agent should serve detention 	0
inspired '' was a lot funnier 	0
can do even more damage 	0
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing 	0
encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 	1
quiet , confident 	1
a legal thriller 	1
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound . 	0
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep . 	0
's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer 	0
feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo 	0
you do n't care who fires the winning shot 	0
can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	1
better described as a ghost story gone badly awry . 	0
affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 	1
, thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 	1
mind crappy movies as much as adults , 	0
deliberately and skillfully 	1
insomnia is one of the year 's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances 	1
too many films 	0
banal , virulently unpleasant excuse 	0
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen 	1
are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent . 	1
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale 	0
smile-button faces 	1
admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies . 	1
like mike shoots and scores 	1
the none-too-original premise 	0
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue 	0
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration . 	1
leave us with a sense of wonder 	1
barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle 	0
to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television 	0
did n't care . 	0
precocious 	0
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre 	0
a twisted sense of humor 	1
the power-lunchers do n't care to understand 	0
performers who rarely work in movies now 	1
that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original 	1
live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it 	1
utilizing 	1
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , 	1
the proverbial paint dry 	0
once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . 	1
bad and 	0
ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant 	0
michel 	1
( 	0
deeply humanistic artist 	1
the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` never again . '' 	0
for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 	0
a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical 	1
as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema 	1
the only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film . 	0
personal tragedy and 	0
is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia 	1
repetitive 	0
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . 	1
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed . 	1
the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children 	0
joyful 	1
, thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks . 	1
they could have been in a more ambitious movie 	0
hard to be emotional 	0
as a pink slip 	0
was reading the minds of the audience . 	1
your pulse ever racing 	1
ca n't miss it . 	1
interesting and 	1
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped 	1
is first-rate , especially sorvino . 	1
anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels 	0
of the outstanding thrillers of recent years 	1
purports 	1
there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff 	0
with the best of herzog 's works 	1
's plenty to enjoy 	1
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , 	1
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem 	0
is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness 	1
that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action 	0
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ? 	1
excellent 	1
incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap 	0
play out realistically if not always fairly . 	1
imitation movie 	0
let the subtitles fool you 	0
a morbid one 	0
's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow 	0
achingly honest 	1
nice little story 	1
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . 	1
tiresome as 9 	0
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart 	1
a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace 	0
, a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . 	1
the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks 	0
its awkward structure and a final veering 	0
is beautiful and mysterious 	1
is very original 	1
, it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 	1
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation 	1
a confusing drudgery . 	0
sitting through this one 	0
it 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one . 	0
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , 	0
is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another . 	0
thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks . 	1
remarkable performances 	1
possibly the worst film 	0
the three leads produce adequate performances , 	1
confusing 	0
a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways 	1
a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 	0
historically significant work 	1
is exceedingly pleasant 	1
the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time 	1
's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone 	0
compelling new material 	1
this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	0
this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special 	0
is surely 	1
's far from a groundbreaking endeavor 	0
probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters 	0
exhilarating new interpretation 	1
that 's been done before 	0
chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and 	0
sweet 	1
an intelligent movie 	1
's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role 	1
hollywood fluff 	0
manipulative 	0
like ravel 's bolero 	1
a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies 	1
overcome his personal obstacles and 	1
sam mendes 	1
create something original 	1
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances . 	1
be smarter and more diabolical 	1
even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making 	0
if good-hearted 	1
is n't heated properly , 	0
gets around to its real emotional business 	1
more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again . 	1
that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees 	0
is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 	0
, hollywood is sordid and disgusting . 	0
stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener 	0
her defiance 	1
a 90-minute , four-star movie 	1
is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst 	0
downright creepy 	0
a limp eddie murphy 	0
have potential 	1
, lacks fellowship 's heart 	0
a sun-drenched masterpiece , 	1
obnoxious and didactic burlesque 	0
this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 	1
are sexy 	1
extraordinary debut from josh koury . 	1
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments 	1
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation 	1
bad bluescreen 	0
empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... 	0
cheapen 	0
to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation 	0
as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , 	1
who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 	0
treasure 	1
thoroughly enjoyed the love story 	1
be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story 	1
sparkling newcomer 	1
the paper-thin characterizations 	0
takes big bloody chomps out 	0
have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue 	1
impress about e.t. 	1
the talents of his top-notch creative team 	1
laughably , irredeemably awful . 	0
is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life . 	1
than its fair share of saucy 	1
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ... 	1
enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne 	1
inspirational love story 	1
pile too many `` serious issues '' 	0
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride 	1
is conversational bordering on confessional 	1
effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 	1
have a good shot 	1
strong as always 	1
one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another 	0
watered down 	0
reverent , and subtly different 	1
the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen 	1
a good idea 	1
the jokes are flat , 	0
the director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff . 	0
especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera 	1
grab your kids and run and then probably call the police 	0
sitcom-worthy solutions 	0
an intensely lived time 	1
plotting and mindless 	0
to add the magic that made it all work 	1
is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying 	1
an object lesson in period filmmaking 	1
air of gentle longing 	1
while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift 	1
though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 	0
the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film 	1
than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 	0
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . 	0
is a career-defining revelation . 	1
funny and fun 	1
witty dialog between realistic characters 	1
, why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 	0
the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film 	1
doze off during this one 	0
watch , giggle 	1
a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters 	1
expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape 	0
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad 	0
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block 	0
baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic 	0
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film 	0
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated . 	1
by its own pretentious self-examination 	0
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it . 	0
turmoil 	0
long-faced sad sack 	0
a flawed but engrossing thriller 	1
a rude black comedy 	0
pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart 	0
christian love 	1
douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically . 	1
the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life 	1
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre . 	1
understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	1
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue . 	0
sickeningly 	0
strangely funny 	1
the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency 	0
a perfect medium 	1
plays like a tired tyco ad . 	0
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place 	1
sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . 	0
if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours 	1
a classy , sprightly spin on film . 	1
is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes 	0
makes the grade as tawdry trash . 	0
hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it . 	0
of extraordinary journalism 	1
turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy . 	0
pill to swallow 	0
's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it 	0
dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder 	1
is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor 	0
too clear 	0
are simply dazzling , 	1
raw urban humor 	1
returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension 	1
on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 	1
you 're likely to see all year . 	1
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining . 	0
a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind 	1
tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . 	1
the funny bone 	1
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , 	1
bad taste 	0
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it 	0
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and 	0
career - kids = misery ) 	0
a bad premise , just 	0
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper 	0
recite some of this laughable dialogue 	0
mandy moore leaves a positive impression 	1
it 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 	0
the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past 	1
the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon 	1
more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' 	1
laughs are lacking 	0
for easy , seductive pacing 	1
in this elegant entertainment 	1
too good to be bad 	1
a lot of warmth 	1
, every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 	1
christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists 	1
a vibrant and intoxicating fashion 	1
'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . 	0
big-budget/all-star movie 	1
meaningless 	0
that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad 	0
is as consistently engaging as it is revealing 	1
portray themselves 	1
, ( goldbacher ) just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human . 	1
to really care 	1
take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire 	0
same old garbage 	0
the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half 	0
but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner 	0
a passion for the material 	1
is a fascinating little tale . 	1
skip this dreck , rent animal house 	0
is that it goes nowhere 	0
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care 	1
the most resolutely unreligious parents 	0
seeking an existent anti-virus 	1
part biography , part entertainment 	1
goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	0
'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen . 	0
's like having an old friend for dinner ' . 	1
so compelling 	1
fails to fascinate 	0
i have a new favorite musical -- 	1
common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha . 	0
of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	1
sink this ` sub ' 	0
once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me 	1
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... 	0
found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances 	1
enough sardonic 	0
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun . 	1
seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	0
that seagal 's overweight and out of shape 	0
ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . 	0
in a bid to hold our attention 	0
it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead 	0
of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions 	0
to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort 	1
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 	1
ditsy 	0
grace 	1
detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world 	1
sweet , and intermittently hilarious 	1
far more often than the warfare 	1
you feel like a chump 	0
is n't a bad film 	1
self-flagellation 	0
it makes up for in heart . 	1
its title implies 	1
was worth your seven bucks 	1
corny dialogue and preposterous moments 	0
topic 	1
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational 	1
to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	1
organic intrigue 	1
car chase 	1
help this movie one bit 	0
the rock on a wal-mart budget 	0
evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean . 	1
is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form 	1
so aggressively cheery 	0
cut their losses -- and ours -- and 	0
would be terrific to read about 	1
bewilderingly 	0
, it 's awfully entertaining to watch . 	1
oddly colorful and 	1
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child 	1
is clearly a good thing 	1
frustrating 	0
than franchise possibilities 	1
but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed . 	0
do n't know what she 's doing in here 	0
romp that 's always fun to watch 	1
, one would hope for the best 	1
of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us 	1
a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much 	0
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , 	1
as mushy as peas 	0
is a genuinely bone-chilling tale 	1
these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes 	0
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , 	1
incoherence and sub-sophomoric 	0
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare 	0
would n't make trouble every day any better 	0
a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque 	0
such a graphic treatment of the crimes 	1
into a deadly bore 	0
rich , shadowy black-and-white 	1
a fascinating glimpse of urban life 	1
the film sits with square conviction 	1
one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen 	1
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . 	0
have a 90-minute , four-star movie 	1
great writer 	1
remarkable movie 	1
, the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about . 	0
, well-crafted psychological study 	1
through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause 	1
thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser 	0
in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . 	1
to be genuinely satisfying 	1
a genre gem 	1
to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags 	0
sylvie testud is icily brilliant . 	1
chillingly 	1
politically charged 	1
witty , vibrant , and intelligent . 	1
seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine 	0
the perfect star vehicle 	1
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release . 	0
befuddling 	0
's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents 	1
the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 	1
becoming a better person through love 	1
what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons 	1
the last kiss is really all about performances . 	1
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , 	0
a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny 	0
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered . 	1
that might have made no such thing 	1
gondry 's direction is adequate 	1
experimentation and improvisation 	1
`` superior '' 	1
the extraordinarily rich landscape 	1
clever ways 	1
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable 	1
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds . 	0
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . 	0
a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' 	0
thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies 	0
leonine power 	1
so primitive in technique 	0
how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	1
some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier 	0
bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 	1
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you 	1
the skills of a calculus major at m.i.t. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 	0
both excellent 	1
groan 	0
's also too stupid 	0
supernatural thriller 	1
`` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' 	0
exquisite , unfakable sense 	1
captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock 	1
a ray of hope 	1
obvious or self-indulgent 	0
dated and unfunny 	0
a slow death 	0
impassive a manner 	0
the movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster . 	1
, harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . 	1
has no point and 	0
the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with . 	1
shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated 	1
never once predictable . 	1
stick to his day job 	0
every joke is repeated at least four times . 	0
a serious contender for the title 	1
is pure , exciting moviemaking . 	1
set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock . 	1
( reynolds ) takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . 	1
calm , self-assured portrait 	1
can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken 	1
extends to his supple understanding of the role 	1
on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie . 	1
is ultimately 	1
is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time 	0
a quaint 	1
is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction 	0
's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team . 	1
the characters seem one-dimensional , 	0
the timeless spectacle of people 	1
does little that is actually funny with the material 	0
most frightening 	0
it 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead . 	0
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story 	1
harmless fun . 	1
large-format 	1
constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	0
's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , 	1
around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 	0
's both charming and 	1
soulful , scathing and joyous 	1
the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow 	1
an ` a ' list cast 	1
, those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 	1
got 	1
you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie 	1
a decomposition 	0
feels impersonal , almost generic 	0
has a compelling story to tell . 	1
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller 	1
, one the public rarely sees . 	1
of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements 	1
pained 	0
lost his touch 	0
is too long with too little going on . 	0
is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script 	0
, accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. . 	0
` just letting the mountain tell you what to do 	1
is a visual treat 	1
powerfully evocative mood 	1
a must-own 	1
hilarious place to visit 	1
performed a difficult task indeed 	1
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating 	0
ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 	1
cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure 	1
luckiest 	1
, i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . 	1
aged past his prime 	0
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . 	0
hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . 	0
often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy 	1
its own clichés 	0
a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; 	0
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on the screen 	0
the first lousy guy ritchie imitation 	0
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth 	1
occasion 	0
to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater 	1
concept doofus 	0
get a kick out of goofy brits 	1
that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters 	1
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination . 	1
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling 	0
( and fairly unbelievable ) finale 	0
only scratches the surface 	0
something vital about the movie 	1
an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal 	1
is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience 	1
cinematic postcard 	1
a thriller 	1
's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . 	0
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland . 	0
that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	1
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , 	0
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , 	0
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture . 	0
might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about . 	0
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place . 	0
natural and 	1
bargain-basement special 	0
no wit , only labored gags 	0
has a huge heart 	1
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds . 	1
puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers 	1
look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten 	0
a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence 	0
in amusing us 	1
it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo . 	1
the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america 	1
quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic 	1
it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise . 	0
this three-hour endurance test 	0
well-paced and 	1
unexpectedly sweet story 	1
awfully good , achingly human 	1
the heart of the film 	1
like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it 	0
the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear 	1
of his reserved but existential poignancy 	1
creative animation work 	1
it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance . 	1
really get inside of them 	1
lust and love 	1
that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened 	0
helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears 	0
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' 	0
laughing 	1
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 	0
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , 	0
ominous mood and tension 	0
competent direction 	1
burns 's strongest film 	1
hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 	0
want a real movie 	0
hollywood disregard 	1
weaving a theme throughout this funny film 	1
a potentially good comic premise 	1
a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 	1
i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format 	1
soulless techno-tripe 	0
to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart 	1
originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller 	1
of continuity errors 	0
it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy 	1
sent back to the tailor for some major alterations 	0
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , 	0
is left slightly unfulfilled 	0
deserving of its oscar nomination 	1
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride . 	1
not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 	1
the poor quality of pokemon 4 	0
joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 	1
likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies 	1
lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , 	1
the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative 	0
rock solid family fun 	1
will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . 	1
a barf bag 	0
300 years of russian history and culture 	1
winning portrayal 	1
of warmth and humor 	1
sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick 	0
will have you talking 'til the end of the year 	1
that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 	1
cliched 	0
the real-life story is genuinely inspirational 	1
wonderfully warm 	1
, interestingly told film . 	1
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . 	0
too many tried-and-true shenanigans 	0
seem more like medicine 	0
a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich 	1
emotionally intense 	1
a bump on the head 	0
friendship , love , and 	1
comedies to hit the screen in years 	1
ultimately fails 	0
the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid 	0
refreshingly realistic , 	1
it 's a sad , sick sight 	0
... rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle . 	1
appealing about the characters 	1
, potent exploration 	1
feel like a short stretched out to feature length 	0
a recycled and dumbed-down version 	0
energy and wit to entertain all ages 	1
she gets to fulfill her dreams 	1
be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming 	1
that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent 	1
a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie 	0
, elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 	1
tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough 	1
sweet , funny , charming , and 	1
by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy 	0
how to make us share their enthusiasm 	1
loosely tied 	0
feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick 	1
which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 	0
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - 	0
except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it 	0
a lovely film ... 	1
create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time 	1
well worthwhile 	1
feels the dimming of a certain ambition 	0
is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much 	0
for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference 	1
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling 	0
its writer-director 's 	1
it 's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all . 	1
bomb 	0
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised 	0
skip the film and 	0
colorfully 	1
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen 	1
who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world 	1
it is 	1
convincing 	1
bits funnier 	1
that stubbornly refused to gel 	0
has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness . 	0
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting . 	0
all the bad things 	0
is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane . 	1
the enticing prospect 	1
prettiest pictures 	1
engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks 	1
this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent 	1
from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired 	0
are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels 	0
is laughingly 	0
is more than a movie 	1
perfectly rendered 	1
hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art . 	0
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie . 	1
suspenseful 	1
intriguing and honorable 	1
about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise 	1
like a fish that 's lived too long 	0
is more accurately chabrolian . 	1
this is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny . 	1
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance . 	1
found it weirdly appealing 	1
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled 	0
has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors 	1
smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy 	1
contemplation 	1
exciting documentary . 	1
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it . 	1
plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air 	1
a compelling piece 	1
beautifully sung holiday carol 	1
best work 	1
famous moments 	1
he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit 	0
lovely and amazing 	1
nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences 	0
, in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic 	1
it unexpectedly rewarding 	1
's no rooting interest 	0
forgettable 	0
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination 	1
downright comically evil 	0
preachy and clichéd 	0
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness 	1
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness 	1
through its otherwise comic narrative 	1
enlivens 	1
dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances 	0
a great american adventure and 	1
the director 's talent 	1
the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 	0
the film 's intimate camera work and searing performances 	1
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves . 	0
` wow ' factor 	1
is well crafted , and well executed 	1
very stupid and annoying 	0
it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt . 	0
that it 's also one of the smartest 	1
contenders 	1
undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy 	0
i wo n't be sitting through this one again 	0
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie . 	1
put through torture for an hour and a half 	0
a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with 	0
landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch 	1
most wondrous 	1
the movie is without intent . 	0
incredibly captivating and insanely funny 	1
, the four feathers comes up short 	0
the most entertaining monster movies 	1
stellar 	1
keep it from being simpleminded 	1
visual flair 	1
done-to-death material 	0
bad people 	0
it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this . 	1
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards 	1
donovan ... squanders his main asset 	0
rude and 	0
stink bomb . 	0
i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . 	0
irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . 	1
attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 	1
much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen 	0
strip it of all its excess debris , 	0
i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways . 	0
its pretensions 	0
throw smoochy from the train ! 	0
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin 	0
becomes compulsively watchable 	1
dull , 	0
work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse 	0
triteness 	0
evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain 	0
gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls 	1
is all the more remarkable because it 	1
keep it up 	1
certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories 	1
with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone 	0
unpleasantly 	0
if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened 	0
a return ticket 	0
hardened indie-heads 	0
a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless 	0
takes to describe how bad it is 	0
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry 	1
movie rapes 	0
... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics . 	1
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade . 	1
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language . 	1
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries 	1
snow dogs deserves every single one of them 	1
incredibly layered and stylistic film 	1
at a snail 's pace 	1
a better satiric target 	0
flair and bouncing bravado 	1
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at . 	1
get weird , 	1
the execution is pretty weary 	0
is at once intimate and universal cinema 	1
complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days 	1
surgeon mends 	1
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering 	0
flawless film , ( wang ) 	1
no palpable chemistry 	0
's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull 	0
uncreative 	0
its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing 	1
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery . 	1
a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 	1
lustrous polished 	1
offers an interesting look 	1
can not engage 	0
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya . 	1
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible 	1
as visually bland 	0
look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role 	0
this somewhat tired premise 	0
are your cup of blood 	1
limps along 	0
a terrific effort 	1
go down in the annals of cinema 	1
remarkably original work 	1
it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers 	1
excruciatingly unfunny and 	0
its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	1
unmistakable , easy joie 	1
, touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot 	1
imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects 	1
entirely stale concept 	0
will amuse or entertain them 	1
wobbly premise work 	0
drifts aimlessly 	0
town 	1
is an uneven film for the most part 	0
does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers 	0
of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves 	0
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism 	1
a cold movie 	0
hard-sell image-mongering 	0
what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters . 	1
story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre 	0
lie 	0
, its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes . 	0
less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 	1
interesting and accessible 	1
has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness . 	0
, remote , emotionally distant piece 	0
crime drama 	0
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . 	0
's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all . 	1
sexy , and rousing 	1
may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry . 	0
a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness 	0
, the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . 	0
its premise is smart 	1
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun 	1
for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped . 	0
's tv sitcom material at best 	1
resident evil 	1
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers . 	1
the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and 	0
forget its absurdity . 	0
was kind of terrific once 	1
mind-numbing indifference 	0
ambition but no sense of pride or shame 	0
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though 	0
a crucial third act miscalculation 	0
the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project 	0
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel 	0
the soulful nuances 	1
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles 	1
value whatsoever 	0
tricky and satisfying 	1
, cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . 	0
originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies 	1
's very beavis and butthead , 	1
sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions 	1
ripoff 	0
is long on narrative and ( too ) short 	0
hastily written 	0
has some problems 	0
remains vividly in memory long 	1
made the first one charming 	1
take it 	1
a fifty car pileup of cliches 	0
're struggling to create . 	0
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions . 	1
it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 	1
improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary 	0
highly uneven and inconsistent 	0
still-raw emotions 	1
clint eastwood 's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same . 	1
overladen with plot conceits 	0
assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony 	0
into clichés 	0
big stars and high production values are standard procedure 	1
captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . 	1
is one big , dumb action movie . 	0
must be the end of the world 	0
coordinated his own dv poetry 	1
leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 	0
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people 	1
yes , but also intriguing and honorable , 	1
is instead a cheap cliché 	0
a modestly surprising movie . 	1
keep it interested 	1
the very definition of epic adventure 	1
jams too many prefabricated story elements 	0
is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be 	0
in the same old story 	0
a compelling , gut-clutching piece 	1
should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . 	1
frozen tundra soap opera 	0
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable . 	1
cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults 	1
embraces life in public 	1
is generally quite funny . 	1
showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches 	0
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	1
the fierce grandeur 	1
de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . 	1
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun 	1
feeble comedy 	0
thought-provoking 	1
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously . 	0
have bitterly forsaken 	0
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered . 	0
with some fine acting 	1
do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 	1
lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability . 	1
consummate actor 	1
to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 	1
rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . 	0
pungent bite 	1
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie 	0
exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters . 	1
a stirring visual sequence 	1
darned assured 	1
plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast 	0
dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 	0
are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work . 	1
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending 	1
thoroughly awful 	0
technically superb 	1
a dashing and resourceful hero 	1
with heart 	1
cutesy romantic tale 	1
sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys 	1
irritating 	0
dopey 	0
, one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else . 	0
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series . 	1
that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	1
dullard 	0
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem . 	1
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating 	1
eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece 	1
instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . 	0
about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances 	0
a more sheerly beautiful film 	1
is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time 	0
snide and prejudice 	0
from both a great and a terrible story , mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience . 	1
a movie with a bigger , fatter heart 	1
had more to do with imagination than market research 	1
was n't at least watchable 	0
sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago . 	0
engaging and intimate 	1
blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest . 	1
a brilliant , absurd collection 	1
's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels . 	0
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 . 	0
expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup . 	0
almost as offensive 	0
will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . 	1
fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller 	1
i liked the movie , 	1
really vocalized 	1
the lion king 	1
is a winner 	1
a new favorite musical 	1
the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself 	1
captain 	1
with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . 	0
too little excitement and zero compelling storyline 	0
flaws 	0
that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 	0
a re-hash of the other seven films 	0
a well-made pizza 	1
noticeably less energy and imagination 	0
there 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish . 	0
, beloved genres 	1
's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies 	1
collapses into an inhalant blackout 	0
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- 	1
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what 	1
the hype , the celebrity , 	1
the best advice is : ` scooby ' do n't . 	0
the modern master of the chase sequence 	1
much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present 	0
serve no other purpose 	0
both overplayed and exaggerated 	0
that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other 	1
, this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . 	1
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . 	0
easy to make such a worthless film 	0
to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins 	1
so crass 	0
about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length 	0
's nowhere near as exciting as either . 	0
precious little of either 	0
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart . 	1
extraordinarily 	1
be as bored watching morvern callar 	0
crisp framing , edgy camera work , and 	1
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film . 	1
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina 	1
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see . 	1
big , fat , dumb 	0
spreads itself too thin , 	0
a rumor of angels should dispel it . 	0
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . 	0
while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter 	1
solid pedigree 	1
's the element of condescension , 	0
from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school 	0
better off staying on the festival circuit 	0
exciting and well-paced 	1
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 	0
if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 	1
to mention absolutely refreshed 	1
a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy 	0
beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game 	0
staggeringly dreadful romance . 	0
the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely 	1
into a future they wo n't much care about 	0
it is n't much fun . 	0
just does n't work 	0
, achingly human 	1
it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 	1
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten 	0
with memorable zingers 	1
final verdict : you 've seen it all before . 	0
affectingly 	1
starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers 	0
been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 	0
becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship 	0
) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . 	0
great submarine stories 	1
of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement 	1
at his 12th oscar nomination 	1
managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood 	1
little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) 	0
seem at least passably real 	1
not exactly assured in its execution 	0
is a big time stinker 	0
a bland , surfacey way 	0
who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest 	1
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but 	1
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world 	1
as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus 	0
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes 	0
a peculiar malaise that renders its tension 	0
be delightfully compatible here 	1
is among wiseman 's warmest 	1
interminably bleak 	0
naïveté and arbitrary 	0
witless mess 	0
oddly fascinating depiction 	1
a stylish cast and 	1
dropped 	1
more confused 	0
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache 	1
a pleasure 	1
no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us 	0
is a commanding screen presence 	1
something that really matters 	1
offers no easy , comfortable resolution 	0
only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick 	1
those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 	0
hard , endearing , caring , warm . 	1
lack-of-attention span 	0
clever by about nine-tenths 	1
forget 	0
the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	1
too dry and 	0
into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	1
imaginative kid 's movie 	1
to surrealism and black comedy 	1
the sheer ugliness of everything else 	0
on shame 	0
that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other 	1
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , 	0
american and 	0
fine , old-fashioned-movie movie 	1
rooting against , 	0
overly-familiar 	0
missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play 	0
exploitation piece 	0
stuffy 	0
you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy 	1
an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter 	0
ten 	1
the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack 	0
a reader 's digest condensed version 	0
transcends culture and race 	1
brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 	1
that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 	1
there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat 	1
but seriously , folks , it does n't work . 	0
the execution 	0
offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , 	0
that should be used to burn every print of the film 	0
thoroughly involving 	1
more than a little pretentious 	0
wilco fans will have a great time , 	1
a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment 	0
a bad movie that 	0
failure . 	0
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed 	1
that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack 	0
cheap shocks 	0
the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences 	0
the worst -- and only -- killer website movie 	0
's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . 	0
a glorified sitcom 	0
reasonable 	1
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years 	1
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race . 	1
as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it 	1
set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york . 	0
the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long 	0
all over this `` un-bear-able '' project 	0
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs . 	0
clean-cut 	1
wonderfully funny 	1
is never able to pull it back on course . 	0
helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses 	1
ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel 	0
disorientated 	0
it arrives 	1
enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension 	1
the son of the bride 's humor is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . 	1
focus 	1
exuberance and passion 	1
65-minute trifle 	0
as the very best of them 	1
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings 	0
disguise the fact 	0
a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy 	0
to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence 	0
exasperating 	0
be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	1
incredible subtlety and acumen 	1
droning 	0
two of those well spent 	1
shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action . 	0
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm . 	0
that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby 	0
there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit 	0
bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . 	0
the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor 	1
glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 	1
such blatant and sickening product placement 	0
have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way 	0
captivating new film . 	1
to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 	1
making it par for the course for disney sequels 	0
gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug 	1
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short 	0
needing other people 	0
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun . 	1
ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling 	0
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left 	0
acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover 	1
oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material 	0
trailer-trash style . 	0
wonderfully edited 	1
's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie 	0
imax trip 	1
an intelligent screenplay and 	1
so vivid a portrait 	1
jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart . 	1
spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry 	1
mention `` solaris '' five years from now and i 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share . 	1
in the knowledge imparted 	1
has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate 	1
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world 	1
it 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true . 	1
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender 	1
, implausible 	0
with its wry observations 	1
it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers 	0
handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch 	1
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league 	0
unrelentingly grim -- and 	0
sweetest thing 	1
in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in . 	0
the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent 	0
biography channel 	1
the tuxedo was n't just bad 	0
i admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time . 	0
less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades 	1
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work . 	1
quite vapid 	0
well-done 	1
i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material 	0
its awkward structure and 	0
a powerful commentary 	1
recalls 	0
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time 	1
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls . 	0
people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny 	1
, history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence 	1
will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . 	1
goofiest stuff 	1
pleased 	1
short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy 	0
dramatic experience . 	1
quirky and satirical touches 	1
quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film 	0
'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie 	0
it 's wasted yours 	0
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud 	1
a change in expression 	1
is that it 's far too sentimental 	0
treats the subject with fondness and respect 	1
that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other 	1
amusing study 	1
championship material 	1
laughed 	1
is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture 	1
seriousness and quality 	1
to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting 	1
unabashedly romantic 	1
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , 	0
is sincere 	1
comedic employment 	1
wrong things 	0
carrying this wafer-thin movie 	0
a good music documentary 	1
enhances the excellent performances 	1
witty , whimsical feature 	1
effective if you stick with it 	1
( a ) boldly stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain . 	0
that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good 	1
like done-to-death material 	0
goofy pleasure 	1
vin diesel is the man . 	1
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . 	0
efficient 	1
talkiness is n't necessarily bad 	1
without merit 	0
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation . 	0
, this could be a passable date film . 	1
trash-cinema roots 	0
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class . 	0
running on empty , 	0
insanely dysfunctional 	0
the scenic splendor 	1
show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song 	1
sickening thud 	0
arnold is not , nor will he be , back 	0
the new film is a lame kiddie flick 	0
should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel 	1
like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders 	0
to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings 	1
of clean and sober 	1
squashed 	0
to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life 	0
barely makes it any less entertaining 	1
intriguing 	1
the action as gripping 	1
his life-altering experiences 	1
good enough 	1
dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects 	0
with most intelligent viewers 	1
show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	1
sweet as greenfingers 	1
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness 	0
and twisted characters 	1
unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . 	0
his film overwhelmed 	1
insipid script 	0
a complex web 	1
late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love . 	1
's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing 	1
is to be cherished . 	1
of the most splendid 	1
more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat 	1
the lord 	1
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , 	1
you 've actually spent time living in another community 	1
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company 	0
tries to seem sincere , and just 	0
of that delicate canon 	1
frustrates 	0
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , 	0
were insulted 	1
it 's not very good either . 	0
were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man 	0
cult film 	1
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so 	0
it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste . 	1
lucid work 	1
much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame 	1
genteel and unsurprising the execution 	1
think of a film more cloyingly 	1
too loud 	0
movie nothing 	0
for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham 	1
nonjudgmental kind 	1
fails to keep it up and settles into clichés 	0
see this piece of crap again 	0
it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 	0
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce 	0
with universal appeal 	1
stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 	0
brilliantly written 	1
it 's an entertaining and informative documentary . 	1
radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film . 	1
that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 	0
to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once 	1
manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience . 	1
to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography 	1
capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter 	1
an enjoyable 	1
of a typical american horror film 	0
an admirable 	1
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 . 	1
raised to a new , self-deprecating level 	1
, like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with 	1
goes on and on to the point of nausea 	0
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story 	1
metaphysical claptrap 	0
, smart , savvy , compelling 	1
( washington 's ) strong hand 	1
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn . 	0
a collectively stellar performance 	1
say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved 	0
substance and soul 	1
buy is an accomplished actress , and 	1
a long , dull procession of despair , 	0
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , 	0
familiar and predictable 	0
the achingly unfunny phonce 	0
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 	1
certain ambition 	1
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians 	1
tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy . 	0
easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking 	1
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe . 	1
yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie 	0
it 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' . 	0
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 	0
arnold schwarzenegger 	0
is barely 	1
the characters are based on stock clichés 	0
dying 	0
among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film 	1
dreamy and 	1
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely 	0
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and 	0
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , 	0
carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it 	0
third-rate horror sequels 	0
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling . 	0
are quite touching 	1
of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry 	0
brainless 	0
not-so-funny gags , 	0
's actually watchable 	1
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did . 	1
it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides 	1
seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense . 	0
fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage 	1
ferocity and 	1
a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis 	1
spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics 	1
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins . 	1
is so deadly dull 	0
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast 	1
what 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ? 	1
does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories 	1
off-beat and fanciful film 	1
came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter 	1
, she is merely a charmless witch . 	0
rueful , wry humor 	1
you 're not merely watching history 	1
fairly revealing 	1
there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life 	0
it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans 	0
tiresome jokes 	0
a major director 	1
plenty of laughs 	1
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' never were . 	1
in addition to being very funny 	1
as lame and sophomoric 	0
of portraying the devastation of this disease 	0
sad , sick sight 	0
spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship 	0
trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults 	0
's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish 	0
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny 	1
of a genuine and singular artist 	1
that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it 	1
technically sumptuous but also 	1
ungainly 	0
comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel 	0
a delicious , quirky movie 	1
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 	1
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential 	1
worth the price of admission 	1
's funniest and most likeable movie in years . 	1
, dishonest 	0
is having fun with it all 	1
does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago 	0
have n't laughed that hard in years 	1
miike 	1
is kinda wrong in places 	0
make interesting 	1
the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug 	0
are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front . 	1
very thrilling 	1
failed jokes 	0
's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all 	1
best sequel 	1
is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . 	0
this facetious smirk 	0
fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill . 	1
few things more frustrating 	0
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre 	0
less a documentary and more propaganda 	0
, entertaining comedy 	1
convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here . 	1
pleasant and engaging enough 	1
, solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy 	1
if i want a real movie 	0
the character 's gripping humanity 	1
a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric 	0
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice 	1
returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin 	1
fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard 	0
has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability 	0
and resourceful hero 	1
for large-scale action and suspense 	1
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness 	0
stay afloat 	1
painfully 	0
if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ... 	1
can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars 	1
even kids deserve better . 	0
a better celebration 	1
too stagey , talky 	0
neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present . 	1
small , personal film 	1
an autopilot hollywood concoction 	0
of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile 	1
a skyscraper 	1
the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had 	0
guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen . 	0
drowned me in boredom . 	0
about in thick clouds of denial 	0
namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . 	1
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and 	0
works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . 	1
jerking off 	0
grade 	1
the journey is such a mesmerizing one 	1
starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable 	0
inane , humorless and under-inspired . 	0
is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be 	0
the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action 	0
historically significant , and 	1
gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance . 	0
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and 	0
humanity or empathy 	1
is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time . 	0
absurd lengths 	0
another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre . 	1
enough substance 	1
opened it up for all of us 	1
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once 	1
they ca n't go wrong . 	1
the milieu is wholly unconvincing 	0
only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 	0
, any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . 	0
matinee price 	1
neatly constructed thriller . 	1
have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head 	0
before but never so vividly 	1
personal 	1
an athlete , a movie star , and 	1
to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone 	0
his impressively delicate range 	1
the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense 	0
gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record 	1
thriller junk 	0
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier 	1
when you instantly know whodunit 	0
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , 	1
fun , and 	1
's really just another major league . 	0
no unifying rhythm or visual style 	0
a warmth that is n't faked 	1
the terrifying message 	0
to a film about a family 's joyous life 	1
decent 	1
deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . 	1
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish 	0
to overcome adversity 	1
one of those so-so films that could have been much better 	0
shows what great cinema can really do 	1
lazy 	0
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal 	0
the biggest disappointments of the year 	0
romantic 	1
for philosophers , not filmmakers 	0
derivativeness 	0
courage and 	1
the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while 	1
if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 	0
painful as the grey zone 	0
a backseat in his own film 	0
sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance 	0
romance , tragedy 	1
to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers 	0
's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters 	0
it 's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making . 	0
, standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 	0
should have been a cutting hollywood satire 	0
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , 	0
awesome work 	1
is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see 	0
the most edgy piece 	1
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through . 	1
sci-fi . 	1
consistency 	1
accomplished and richly resonant work . 	1
're left with a sour taste in your mouth 	0
nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks 	0
its unique feel 	1
been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 	0
the piano teacher 	1
the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 	1
a brainless flibbertigibbet 	0
simply stupid , irrelevant and 	0
bill plympton , the animation master , 	1
written , flatly , by david kendall and 	0
fleshed-out enough to build any interest 	1
humor , warmth , 	1
true to his principles 	1
it 's an unhappy situation all around . 	0
ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script 	0
is that it 's too close to real life to make sense . 	0
pleasing the crowds 	1
thematically and stylistically 	1
a must 	1
nothing but an episode of smackdown 	0
atrocities 	0
an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots . 	0
cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images 	1
the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . 	0
crowdpleaser 	1
into a black hole of dullness 	0
particularly joyless , and 	0
directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men 	1
the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style 	1
have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time 	0
not infrequently breathtaking 	1
some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls 	1
gives his best screen 	1
sketchy 	0
wrong hands 	0
while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 	1
emphasising her plight and isolation 	1
fifth beer-soaked film 	0
's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter 	1
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability 	1
one of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise . 	1
, is still good fun . 	1
has no snap 	0
an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller 	1
flat , unconvincing drama 	0
superficial and unrealized 	0
can get past the taboo subject matter 	1
of predictable narrative rhythms 	0
a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart 	1
's awfully entertaining 	1
has a genuine dramatic impact 	1
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one . ' 	0
are simply too good 	1
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving . 	1
goofily endearing and well-lensed 	1
feels all too familiar 	0
's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face . 	0
steeped in fairy tales and other childish things 	0
of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance 	1
lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics 	0
has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense . 	1
walked out 	0
wanders 	0
's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance 	1
treading water at best in this forgettable effort 	0
improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper 	1
that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life 	1
without beauty or humor 	0
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and 	1
it works 	1
is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 	1
weary 	0
convincing impersonation 	1
lacks in substance 	0
disconnects every 10 seconds 	0
poise 	1
longley 's film 	1
have banged their brains into the ground so frequently 	0
in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type 	0
in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed 	1
unusual biopic and document 	1
all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 	0
, margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . 	1
kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden 	1
will turn out okay 	1
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr 	1
wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors 	0
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits . 	1
i 'd be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow . 	1
is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey . 	1
a chilling movie without oppressive gore . 	1
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep 	1
allegedly inspiring and 	1
as big a crowdpleaser as 	1
engross even 	1
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career . 	0
personal loss 	0
people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 	0
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film 	0
it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia 	1
the story has little wit and no surprises . 	0
a gory slash-fest 	0
alienated 	0
serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally 	1
about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and 	1
animation and game phenomenon 	1
not for their acting chops , but for their looks 	0
would have a good time here 	1
hollywood ending is a depressing experience 	0
it 's always enthralling . 	1
of stunning images and effects 	1
wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon 	0
absolutely unnecessary 	0
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it . 	1
on johnny knoxville 's stomach 	1
more than four 	1
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching . 	1
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made . 	1
visually breathtaking 	1
lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . 	0
excellent choice 	1
a guarantee 	1
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and 	0
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well . 	0
isolation 	0
so sloppy , so uneven 	0
likes 	1
be thinking about going to see this movie 	1
most remarkable 	1
inner-city streets 	1
approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . 	1
wry humor 	1
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch . 	1
amusing and unsettling 	1
mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies 	0
, i 'd say the film works 	1
won -- 	1
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic 	1
a dazzling dream of a documentary . 	1
a stirring , funny 	1
it would be better as a diary or documentary 	0
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism 	0
before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo 	1
as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound 	0
comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild 	1
screwed-up 	0
uselessly redundant and 	0
punitive minutes 	0
would look like something like this 	1
, city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast . 	0
... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 	0
unique and quirky 	1
it 's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 	1
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people . 	1
is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . 	1
, slapdash disaster . 	0
carry the movie 	1
is pretty funny 	1
sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	0
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious 	1
's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style . 	1
eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 	1
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line 	1
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches 	1
a class with spike lee 's masterful 	1
impudent 	0
often very funny 	1
we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve 	1
dates 	1
loved 	1
with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure 	1
guts 	1
spare dialogue 	0
on expressing itself in every way imaginable 	1
warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages 	1
climate 	1
pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 	1
has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story . 	0
watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped 	0
occasional charms 	1
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection 	0
a future they wo n't much care about 	0
the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 	1
manages to delight without much of a story . 	1
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations 	1
in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 	0
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate 	1
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness . 	0
heartfelt comedy 	1
stale material 	0
comes to life in the performances . 	1
the stunt work is top-notch 	1
just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting 	1
if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 	1
emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results . 	0
unfilmable 	0
the recording sessions are intriguing 	1
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary . 	1
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape 	1
brutally honest and 	1
give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice 	1
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women . 	0
a thought-provoking picture . 	1
end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	1
its delightful cast 	1
by its art and heart 	1
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , 	0
just too bratty for sympathy 	0
's both charming 	1
a group of dedicated artists 	1
of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set 	0
her film is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless . 	0
its target audience talked all the way through it 	0
works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever . 	0
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s 	0
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes 	1
that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast 	0
the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work 	1
gives a performance that is masterly . 	1
a wonderous accomplishment 	1
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not . 	0
aggravating and tedious . 	0
an oddly fascinating depiction 	1
so boring 	0
the lady and the duke surprisingly 	1
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head . 	1
which they have been patiently waiting for 	1
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting . 	1
ethereal beauty 	1
romantic comedy genre 	1
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty 	1
amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness 	0
, rapid-fire delivery 	1
feature-length 	1
an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn 	1
it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point 	0
of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle 	1
striking 	1
at the station looking for a return ticket to realism 	0
puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . 	0
shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable . 	1
a delicious and delicately funny look 	1
challenges 	0
genuine laughs 	1
some of its repartee is still worth hearing . 	1
of better films 	0
in the media 	0
comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture 	1
best straight-up 	1
vibrant whirlwind 	1
has already appeared in one forum or another 	0
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look . 	1
with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume 	0
page-turning 	1
with humor , warmth , and intelligence 	1
drudgery . 	0
keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart . 	0
is violated 	0
i would go back and choose to skip it . 	0
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy 	0
's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters . 	1
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense 	1
your dream 	1
become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle 	1
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony 	0
high-minded 	1
a slam-bang extravaganza 	1
is somehow making its way instead to theaters . 	0
a very lively dream 	1
, with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived 	1
from its sleazy moralizing 	0
breathtaking mystery 	1
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? 	0
a lot smarter than your average bond . 	1
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and 	1
is actually funny with the material 	1
that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone 	1
execution and skill 	1
shines on all the characters 	1
rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor . 	0
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . 	1
eyeballs 	1
the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun 	1
infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion 	1
skillful and moving 	1
all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing 	0
has much to recommend it , 	1
gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms . 	1
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance 	1
the poor and 	0
a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses 	0
dehumanizing 	0
reading lines 	0
heard before 	1
which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	0
an unholy mess , 	0
visual virtues 	1
'' winner 	1
bona fide groaners 	0
, you 're too interested to care . 	1
is authentic to the core of his being . 	1
far too clever by half , howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another . 	0
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining 	1
built-in audience 	1
bogged down in earnest dramaturgy 	0
bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie 	1
amusing , 	1
the most entertaining bonds in years 	1
is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 	0
appreciates the art 	1
do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	1
most important and exhilarating forms 	1
although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service 	0
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ? 	0
too many scenes toward the end 	0
's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s 	1
a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily 	0
most ravaging 	1
equally miserable 	0
i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint . 	1
is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination 	1
the expressive power 	1
it attractive throughout 	1
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately 	1
editing and pompous references 	0
inspirational status 	1
( a ) poorly executed comedy . 	0
gentle but 	1
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor . 	0
... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels . 	0
` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style . 	0
accomplished and 	1
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming . 	1
the soulful development 	1
the unsettled tenor 	0
are clinically depressed and 	0
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered 	0
an engrossing portrait 	1
is genial but never inspired , and little 	1
tackles more than she can handle . 	0
losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis 	0
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me . 	0
proves to be sensational 	1
to entertain 	1
pathetic exploitation film 	0
joys in our lives 	1
the triumph 	1
of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism 	0
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications . 	0
did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side 	0
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale . 	1
seems hopelessly juvenile . 	0
a frighteningly fascinating contradiction 	1
an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out 	0
equally assured 	1
have a story and a script 	1
's a work of enthralling drama 	1
predictable as the tides 	0
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , 	0
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that 	0
's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama 	1
saves 	1
uncompromising film 	1
for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull 	0
all the dramatic weight 	0
will wind up as glum as mr. de niro . 	0
bracing truth 	1
great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s 	1
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 	0
the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 	0
of dead-end distaste 	0
tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images . 	1
good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad 	0
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film . 	1
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up . 	0
does a solid job 	1
poor editing , bad bluescreen , 	0
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile 	1
boring 	0
believe anyone would really buy this stuff 	0
lighthearted glow 	1
that there 's really not much of a sense of action 	0
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... 	0
, guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster . 	1
offer a fascinating glimpse 	1
illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in . 	1
want to think too much about what 's going on 	0
narc 	0
sub-sophomoric 	0
languorous charm 	1
style and flash 	1
thematic content and narrative strength 	1
a moral 	1
that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name 	0
is he has no character , loveable or otherwise 	0
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts . 	0
too much power , not enough puff . 	0
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining 	1
is presented with great sympathy and intelligence 	1
brainless flibbertigibbet 	0
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable 	1
has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side . 	1
have a good shot at a hollywood career 	1
have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies 	0
presented in convincing way 	1
have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for 	1
has its rewards . 	1
she may not be real , but the laughs are . 	1
critical backlash 	0
is a much better mother-daughter tale 	1
successfully 	1
long , intricate , star-studded 	1
for a touching love story 	1
of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 	1
an audience 's 	1
the best 60 minutes 	1
overcooked , ham-fisted direction 	0
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . 	1
numbingly dull 	0
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining ! 	1
pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear 	0
served with a hack script 	0
fest that 'll put hairs on your chest . 	1
past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience 	0
innocent , 	1
affable if not timeless 	1
an empty , purposeless 	0
knew about generating suspense 	1
bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew 	0
love 	1
works on some levels 	1
reveals itself slowly , intelligently , 	1
just did n't care 	0
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile 	1
trouble every day is a success in some sense 	1
lame 	0
the world 's greatest teacher 	1
fiery 	1
game supporting cast 	1
laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man 	0
a dearth of vitality 	0
a text to ` lick 	1
... a solid , well-formed satire . 	1
without thrills and a mystery devoid 	0
playful but highly studied 	1
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man 	0
it 's leaden and predictable , and 	0
other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas 	1
ailments 	0
could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls . 	0
there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 	0
as good 	1
retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images 	1
salvation and good intentions 	1
, the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . 	0
does his sly , intricate magic 	1
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing . 	1
could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . 	1
it feels like unrealized potential 	0
, laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser 	1
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual 	0
beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet 	1
as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab 	0
new inspiration in it 	1
retread , 	0
'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . 	1
a bit disjointed 	0
dismally 	0
grows up 	1
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater . 	1
you have to see it . 	1
, meandering 	0
humorous and touching 	1
that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey 	0
was the best the contest received 	1
is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september 	0
it finds a nice rhythm . 	1
it 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow . 	0
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion 	1
drains it 	1
is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be 	0
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 	1
this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point . 	1
ever so gracefully -- 	1
funny and touching 	1
is intelligently accomplished 	1
has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency . 	1
low comedy does n't come much lower . 	0
a comedy 	1
of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas 	1
a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people 	0
to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's 	1
sensation 	1
all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener 	0
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' 	0
the material and the production 	1
my mind 	1
beautiful , angry and sad 	1
heavy stench 	0
tastelessness and 	0
bubbly 	1
has a way of seeping into your consciousness , 	1
what 's most offensive 	0
daughter 	1
enjoyable 100 minutes 	1
've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel 	0
unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire . 	0
in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy 	1
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends . 	0
whimsical comedy 	1
is n't mainly suspense or excitement . 	0
by splendid performances 	1
a winning and wildly fascinating work . 	1
and second , what 's with all the shooting ? 	0
other , better movies 	0
a wartime farce in the alternately comic and 	1
best 	1
occasionally flawed , 	0
admirable energy 	1
is funny , touching , smart and complicated 	1
maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral 	0
when you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 	1
and two smoking barrels 	0
value or merit 	1
that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media 	1
different , unusual , even nutty 	1
, nasty journey 	0
a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream 	0
dumped a whole lot of plot 	0
undisciplined 	0
production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book 	0
is painfully bad , 	0
strange film 	0
despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste 	0
seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony . 	0
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper . 	0
a kilt 	0
recommend it , 	1
does n't live up to the exalted tagline 	0
it ca n't help but engage an audience 	1
a life interestingly lived 	1
, this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half . 	1
bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action 	0
sweet and believable 	1
through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes 	1
full of surprises 	1
the humor has point 	1
cheesy commercialism 	0
is on full , irritating display 	0
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego 	1
in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation 	0
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , 	1
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading . 	0
rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning . 	0
an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 	0
the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . '' 	0
're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party 	0
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; 	1
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations . 	0
one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters 	1
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances 	1
belongs to nicholson 	1
and if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . 	0
the well-wrought story 	1
gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar 	1
perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul 	1
nosedive 	0
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity 	0
just another situation romance 	0
, this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . 	1
gawky actor 	0
works as pretty contagious fun . 	1
on `` stupid '' 	0
makes it all the more compelling . 	1
enjoyable big movie 	1
braveheart as well as 	1
it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself . 	0
this kind of hands-on storytelling 	1
pure hollywood 	0
character portrait , romantic comedy 	1
not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid . 	0
is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction 	0
would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way . 	1
valiantly 	1
if it is generally amusing from time to time 	1
a biting satire 	1
literally 	1
no big whoop , nothing new to see , 	0
tragically 	0
a small gem from belgium . 	1
a tendency to sag in certain places 	0
simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film . 	1
necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 	0
wind up as glum as mr. de niro 	0
little propaganda film 	0
a great director 	1
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message . 	1
become almost as operatic to us 	0
the picture is so lovely toward the end 	1
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 	0
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory 	1
perfectly 	1
a bad run 	0
the performances are amiable and committed , 	1
elicits strong performances from his cast 	1
brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing 	1
wicked 	1
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal . 	1
isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters 	1
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : 	1
this insufferable movie 	0
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious 	0
, we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . 	0
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity 	1
nutty cliches 	0
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart 	1
ingenuity 	1
the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action 	0
a coma 	0
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get 	0
working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding 	0
noir veil 	0
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood . 	1
as mindless 	0
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama . 	1
are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 	1
inhuman 	0
joyous life 	1
movie directionless 	0
like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy 	1
unfolds as one 	1
bungle their way 	0
a few laughs but nothing else 	0
adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 	1
marvel 	1
coming-of-age drama 	1
buoyant romantic comedy 	1
you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes 	1
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie . 	0
warm , moving 	1
so exaggerated and broad 	0
that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness 	0
( ferrera ) has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen . 	1
honestly , i do n't see the point 	0
the best brush in the business 	1
to a more mythic level 	1
hits its mark 	1
is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) . 	0
who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans 	1
do n't think so . 	0
represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy 	0
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly 	1
him this year 's razzie 	0
of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times 	1
it 's one tough rock . 	1
a staggeringly compelling character 	1
to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn 	1
every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 	1
a mawkish self-parody 	0
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch 	0
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , 	1
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . ' 	0
it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 	0
because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 	0
without context -- journalistic or historical 	0
- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff 	0
diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . 	1
some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - 	1
soft-core twaddle 	0
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms is n't it . 	0
, and motorcycles 	1
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless . 	1
little too obvious , but 	0
dragonfly 	1
created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness 	1
almost generic 	0
the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull 	0
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas . 	1
entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn . 	1
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny . 	1
, this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve . 	0
that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time 	0
mistaken-identity 	0
a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) 	0
a harrison ford low 	0
enlightened 	1
's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 	1
a 10-course banquet 	1
's a cool event for the whole family . 	1
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , 	1
you should see this movie 	1
of the best films of the year 	1
you will enjoy seeing how both evolve 	1
from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style 	1
so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride . 	1
for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast 	0
showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 	1
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie 	0
thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances 	1
accurately 	1
ruined by amateurish writing and acting , 	0
well-made pb & j sandwich 	1
the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations 	0
engages us 	1
it looks like woo 's a p.o.w. 	0
has turned out to be a one-trick pony 	0
on three short films and two features 	1
the results are honest 	1
's nice 	1
has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at 	1
, inexplicable and unpleasant 	0
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions 	0
falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in . 	0
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie . 	1
a quirky comedy 	1
artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown 	1
leaves an awful sour taste 	0
this is cinema 	1
a diverse and astonishingly articulate 	1
the charm of the first movie is still there 	1
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching 	1
's because relatively nothing happens 	0
a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema 	1
dies 	0
this is the one . 	1
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning . 	1
unacceptable 	0
deepest tragedies 	0
how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too 	0
've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out 	1
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard . 	1
one of the great minds of our times 	1
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 	0
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time 	1
that effortlessly draws you in 	1
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and 	1
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor . 	1
climactic 	1
really does n't have much to say beyond the news 	0
the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned . 	1
more outre aspects 	1
evans is no hollywood villain 	1
a loss 	0
can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice 	0
falling in love 	1
tremendously moving 	1
will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . 	0
benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story 	1
spaces 	1
a very good ( but not great ) movie 	1
funny , insightfully human 	1
visually engrossing 	1
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions 	1
on standard horror flick formula 	0
glum as mr. de niro 	0
extremely well acted by the four primary actors 	1
the universal themes , 	1
collateral damage is trash 	0
makes all the difference 	1
gentle , lapping rhythms 	1
pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . 	0
using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . 	1
funny , sexy , and rousing 	1
is a pretty good job 	1
visualize schizophrenia 	0
scenic shots 	1
'' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . 	0
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market . 	0
that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie 	0
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 	1
fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious 	1
has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll 	1
too cynical 	0
spooky and subtly 	1
into a classic genre 	1
is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable 	0
up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched 	1
the plot seems a bit on the skinny side 	0
accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . 	0
melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner . 	0
's something of the ultimate scorsese film 	1
a more annoying , though 	0
loathe him 	0
hell , i dunno 	0
for two directors with far less endearing disabilities 	0
if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . 	1
beautiful 	1
enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage 	1
is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony . 	0
analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down 	0
-- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man 	1
makes these lives count . 	1
trudge out 	0
all the stronger 	1
an improvement 	1
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered . 	0
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker . 	0
never succeed in really rattling the viewer 	0
sub-par 	0
bad film 	0
, the film would be a total washout . 	0
it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget 	1
the bizarre is credible 	1
have potential as a cult film , 	1
none of the charm and little 	0
to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme 	1
beautifully produced . 	1
a thoroughly modern maiden 	1
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention . 	0
born to make 	1
gets its greatest play 	1
spectacular belly flops 	0
's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name . 	0
cheesy 	0
was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' 	0
a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant 	0
the actors are fantastic . 	1
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and 	1
a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , 	1
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but 	0
accurate 	1
, the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 	1
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and 	1
faith , love and power 	1
their hearts in the right place 	1
banality and hypocrisy 	0
more evil than ever 	0
wiseman is patient and 	1
manage to keep things interesting . 	1
noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us 	0
is a lot more bluster than bite . 	0
ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here 	1
wo n't be able to look away for a second 	1
is top-notch 	1
larger than life 	1
filmed directly 	1
corny sentimentality 	0
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art . 	0
whimper 	0
to see a movie with its heart 	1
would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art . 	1
really wrong with this ricture 	0
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core . 	0
charm 	1
's horribly depressing and not very well done 	0
is n't exactly endearing 	0
amazing breakthrough 	1
they cheapen the overall effect . 	0
so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant 	0
irreverent energy 	1
stay positive 	1
finally seem so impersonal or even shallow 	0
without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place 	0
some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge 	0
a sad aristocrat in tattered finery 	0
get out your pooper-scoopers 	0
a superfluous sequel 	0
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to . 	1
if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout 	1
a feel-bad ending 	0
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ... 	1
and more entertaining , too . 	1
a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work 	0
an irresistible blend 	1
in reality it 's one tough rock . 	1
captive by mediocrity 	0
a snore and utter tripe 	0
quite possibly the sturdiest example yet 	1
schrader examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor . 	1
begging for attention 	0
are worth the price of admission ... 	1
has never been more charming than in about a boy 	1
it 's impossible to care who wins 	0
the idiocy 	0
the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . 	0
aloof 	0
a gut punch 	0
may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . 	0
is priceless 	1
torture and self-mutilation 	0
is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 	1
is nothing less than a provocative piece of work 	1
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century . 	1
loud and offensive , but more often 	0
( the film ) works 	1
multi-layers 	1
is entertaining . 	1
hit . 	1
achieves a level of connection and concern 	1
many tense scenes in trapped 	1
frustration from those 	0
seen in years 	1
glinting charm 	1
i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up 	1
the act is still charming here . 	1
an energetic and engaging film 	1
is more accurate than anything 	1
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity 	0
rekindle the magic of the first film 	1
to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year 	0
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . 	0
cinematic poo . 	0
should give `` scratch '' a second look . 	1
have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else 	0
may not be a great piece of filmmaking 	0
it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times . 	1
personable , amusing 	1
one-sided theme 	0
worth revisiting 	1
amusing sidekicks 	1
has a sure hand . 	1
showing honest emotions . 	1
historical truth and realism 	1
, it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . 	1
the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol 	1
you 'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... ' 	0
donna 	1
deserve better 	0
realize , much to our dismay , 	0
more valuable 	1
a light touch 	1
explores the awful complications of one terrifying day 	1
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing 	1
a chilling tale of one 	1
the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good 	0
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and 	0
make this surprisingly decent flick 	1
the rhapsodic dialogue 	1
`` unfilmable '' novels 	0
way too full of itself 	0
not engaging 	0
addictive guilty pleasure 	1
fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less 	1
does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection 	1
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown . 	1
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , 	0
a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots 	0
dumb gags , anatomical humor , or 	0
of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things 	1
add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff 	0
skip but film buffs should get to know 	0
yale grad 	1
may not always work 	0
how to suffer ' 	0
the biggest disappointments 	0
make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	1
from pleasing 	1
a canny crowd pleaser 	1
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers 	0
infatuated 	1
are so well 	1
sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals 	0
being stupid 	0
a self-hatred instilled 	0
of its lurid fiction 	1
fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes 	0
is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition 	1
to regain his life , his dignity and his music 	0
deadly dull 	0
any viewer , young or old , 	1
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings . 	0
ill-conceived and 	0
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise . 	1
of this reactionary thriller 	1
jolts the laughs 	1
this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction 	0
steals the show 	1
it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 	0
shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls 	0
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious . 	1
the computer and 	1
of inspired humor 	1
11 times too many 	0
delivered with such conviction 	1
seen it all before , 	0
every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny 	0
the universal theme 	1
laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 	0
... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart . 	1
we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick 	1
harris is affecting at times 	1
's a pale imitation . 	0
casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- 	1
knew what the hell was coming next 	0
the beat he hears in his soul 	1
to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time 	0
lovely , sad dance 	1
that tries to be smart 	0
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained . 	0
full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 	0
turns in a collectively stellar performance 	1
seems timely and important 	1
falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy 	0
a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments 	0
lionize its title character and exploit his anger 	0
but it does have one saving grace . 	1
a more credible script , though 	1
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious . 	0
gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' 	1
it 's up to ( watts ) to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe . 	1
offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology 	1
ruins every single scene he 's in 	0
cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits 	1
an intriguing story of maternal instincts and 	1
immensely entertaining 	1
's absolutely amazing 	1
make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom 	0
thoughtful and 	1
was entranced . 	1
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley . 	1
a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it 	1
good dialogue 	1
lighthearted comedy 	1
roman polanski may have been born to make 	1
make trouble 	0
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and 	1
will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea 	1
pretty listless 	0
filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative 	1
is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is 	0
does little 	0
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short 	0
is way too indulgent 	0
tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape 	0
one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences 	1
from cheap-shot mediocrity 	0
's also one of the smartest 	1
hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- 	1
color and creativity 	1
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff 	0
road 	0
gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	1
fixating on a far corner of the screen at times 	1
wide-eyed 	1
, but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible 	1
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work . 	1
devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama 	1
raise audience 's spirits 	1
freaking out 	0
nerds 	1
create characters 	1
work -- is charming , 	1
started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	1
lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . 	1
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism . 	0
looks good 	1
orchestrating 	1
ever knew about generating suspense 	1
can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace 	1
's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer . 	1
of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature 	1
loses its fire midway , 	0
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) 	1
begins to resemble the shapeless , 	0
's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly . 	0
that hollywood expects people to pay to see it 	0
depict the french revolution 	1
a fascinating character study with laughs 	1
is one of the greatest date movies in years . 	1
the long and eventful spiritual journey 	1
to believe that a life like this can sound so dull 	0
allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk 	1
its excellent storytelling 	1
likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen 	1
a revealing look 	1
positive ( if tragic ) note 	1
flowery 	1
change watching such a character , 	0
storytelling ability 	1
gloom 	0
emotional car-wreck 	0
the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated 	0
is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation 	1
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible . 	0
what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni 	0
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do . 	0
changing lanes tries for more . 	1
bitchy frolic 	0
expressively performed 	1
mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well . 	1
an encouraging effort 	1
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks . 	1
how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture 	0
no laughs 	0
high-powered star pedigree 	1
without passion or politics 	0
being a good documentarian 	1
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles 	1
makes its point 	1
the corniest 	0
, diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . 	1
this is a truly , truly bad movie . 	0
drama , conflict , 	1
protagonist 	0
the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears 	0
a scary , action-packed chiller 	1
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances 	1
mark pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth . 	1
relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . 	1
touch 	1
tried hard 	1
intimate , unguarded moments 	1
it borders on facile 	0
important political documentary 	1
a little better than sorcerer 's stone . 	1
a heroic tale 	1
is intriguing 	1
never springs to life 	0
devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	1
is full of charm . 	1
own breezy , distracted rhythms 	1
ironic cultural satire 	1
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications . 	1
stevens ' vibrant creative instincts 	1
in short 	0
devos 	0
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life 	1
strong and confident 	1
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea 	0
is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . 	1
some corny television 	0
to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california 	0
bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie 	1
but a very handsomely produced let-down 	0
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain 	0
that transcends culture and race 	1
come to care about the main characters 	1
self-conscious but often hilarious 	1
after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . 	0
( and probably should have ) 	0
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst . 	0
off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper . 	0
think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity 	0
it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' 	0
with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions 	0
that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not 	0
-- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles 	0
philosophers , not filmmakers 	0
is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best . 	0
the spectacle 	1
uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated 	1
's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 	0
represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken 	1
the choppy editing 	0
that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as 	0
it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such 	0
even sexy 	1
that will thrill you , touch you and make you 	1
acting -- more accurately , it 's moving 	1
adaptation is intricately constructed and 	1
` triumph ' 	1
accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film 	1
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story 	1
astounding 	1
may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns . 	1
remembering this refreshing visit 	1
of expository material 	1
its own most damning censure 	0
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me . 	1
this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love 	1
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and 	0
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films 	1
the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals 	1
particular interest 	1
, despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 	0
tribute 	1
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end 	1
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon 	1
terminally bland , painfully slow and 	0
have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 	1
one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible 	1
the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results 	1
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility 	0
loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves 	0
passive-aggressive psychology 	1
manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . 	1
stifles creativity and 	0
... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride . 	0
because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel 	0
fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite 	0
for all of us 	1
clear-eyed chronicle 	1
this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 	0
a manically generous christmas vaudeville . 	1
so much more 	1
to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release 	0
richly detailed , deftly executed and 	1
though nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature . 	1
the film is visually dazzling 	1
once amusing 	0
sex with strangers 	1
a generic international version of a typical american horror film 	0
ugly and mindless 	0
meaty subject 	1
obvious political insights 	1
that parker displays in freshening the play 	1
that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy 	0
would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud 	0
as a masterfully made one 	1
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films . 	1
it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 	0
is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . 	0
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies . 	1
's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter . 	0
has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth 	1
very very strong 	1
this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve . 	0
emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema 	1
oddly colorful 	1
every shot enhances the excellent performances 	1
to feel good about 	1
the throes of their first full flush of testosterone 	1
jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself . 	1
of its oscar nomination 	1
both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts 	0
sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	1
very funny , very enjoyable ... 	1
the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league 	0
of his best-known creation 	1
toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again . 	1
's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive . 	1
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches 	1
` stoked 	1
too much 	0
... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags . 	0
lots of boring talking heads , etc . 	0
little less bling-bling 	0
an original bone 	1
good , hard-edged stuff 	1
cannon 's confidence and 	1
has a film 's title served such dire warning 	0
a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 	0
demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted 	0
compelling french psychological drama 	1
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue 	0
like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life 	0
anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 	0
metaphysical 	1
in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 	1
do n't blame eddie murphy but 	0
the redeeming feature 	1
kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . 	1
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi . 	1
astronomically bad 	0
in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers 	1
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series . 	0
to string together enough charming moments to work 	1
a purpose and a strong pulse 	1
sensuality , and 	1
at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered 	1
young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated 	1
, it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . 	0
suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener 	0
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time . 	0
what a pity ... that the material is so second-rate . 	0
living far too much 	0
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man . 	0
riveting performances 	1
on hammy at times 	1
means check it out . 	1
desperately wishing you could change tables 	0
and finely cut diamond 	1
convincing one 	1
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story 	1
heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and 	0
... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department . 	1
turn stupid 	0
work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent 	1
emotional gravity 	1
flawed , 	0
would sink laurence olivier 	0
a bad movie 	0
( fincher 's ) camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller . 	1
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- 	1
it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original . 	1
cusack 's just brilliant in this . 	1
hokey 	0
the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) 	0
, '' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . 	1
the food is enticing 	1
broken 	0
bit of piffle . 	0
the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble 	0
the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey . 	1
substantial depth 	1
drowsy 	0
warm and well-told tale 	1
stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain . 	0
of faith 	1
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes 	1
how ridiculous and money-oriented 	0
is quite a vision . 	1
immediate inclination to provide a fourth book 	1
original film 	1
of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , 	0
stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time 	0
to convey a sense of childhood imagination 	1
for an all-around good time at the movies this summer 	1
it does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes . 	1
into a laugh-free lecture 	0
does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay 	0
, gut-clutching piece 	1
somewhat backhanded 	0
epic scope 	1
in any way demeaning its subjects 	0
caught up in an intricate plot 	1
worth the journey 	1
have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film . 	1
a full-length classic 	1
a muddled limp biscuit 	0
enduring 	1
a lost ideal 	0
sharper , cleaner 	1
depressingly retrograde 	0
the subtitles fool you 	0
be an enjoyable choice for younger kids 	1
another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market 	0
ultimately delivers 	1
is strong as always . 	1
would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera 	1
soap-opera 	0
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the 	1
surprising romance 	1
off-puttingly 	0
sporadic dips 	1
best script 	1
und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily . 	0
action clichés 	0
a companionable couple 	1
the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest 	0
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level . 	0
for the ridicule factor 	0
is so prolonged and boring 	0
the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel 	1
chaos 	0
is familiar but enjoyable . 	1
been smoother or more confident 	1
made me want to pack raw dough in my ears . 	0
, purposeless 	0
is easily 	1
riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity 	1
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work 	1
it takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned . 	1
teenage sex comedy 	1
rick 	1
, rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 	0
unsung heroes 	1
that takes too long to shake 	0
of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema 	1
could hardly ask for more . 	1
you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape 	0
in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped 	0
one of the smartest 	1
was right to cut 	1
has created a beautiful canvas 	1
's a very very strong `` b + . 	1
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap . 	0
it fails 	0
storytelling is far more appealing 	1
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you . 	1
when it is n't merely offensive 	0
is a must for genre fans . 	1
it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it 	0
a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 	0
the young stars are too cute ; 	1
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone . 	0
personal low 	0
the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year 	1
is sappy and amateurish 	0
are very expressive . 	1
alone , should scare any sane person away . 	0
turning in some delightful work on indie projects 	1
his most sparkling 	1
quickly writes himself into a corner 	0
career - kids = misery 	0
emaciated 	0
kiddie entertainment , 	1
not only better 	1
of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause 	1
from this choppy and sloppy affair 	0
is smart , not cloying . 	1
inquisitive film 	1
's a spectacular performance - ahem 	1
career-defining 	1
is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 	0
like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . 	1
serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure 	0
frustrating and 	0
canada 's arctic light 	1
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 	0
any scorsese 	0
make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated 	1
rich 	1
but it would be better to wait for the video . 	0
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one . 	0
of extravagant 	1
, an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . 	0
choppy and 	0
, it 'll only put you to sleep . 	0
like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit . 	1
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but 	0
about movie love 	1
it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened 	0
they 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . 	0
hugely enjoyable in its own right though 	1
a bigger-name cast 	1
crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies 	1
everyone making it 	1
soderbergh 's best films 	1
coming-of-age film 	1
been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson 	1
actually manages to bring something new into the mix 	1
having fun with it all 	1
smeary 	0
of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work 	1
fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy 	1
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , 	0
terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it 	0
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , 	1
charged 	1
is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later 	1
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful 	0
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey 	0
self-consciously flashy camera effects 	0
a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish 	0
it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 	0
cold-hearted 	0
existential suffering 	0
its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients 	1
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . 	1
would be consigned to the dustbin of history 	0
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story 	1
the wonderfully lush morvern callar 	1
the movie is hardly a masterpiece 	0
clichéd 	0
stays close to the ground 	1
hated myself in the morning . 	0
it 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances . 	0
know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money 	0
, yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 	0
interesting and at times 	1
swaggers through his scenes 	1
cinematic tone poem 	1
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt 	0
make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson 	0
inherently caustic and 	0
that it 's too close to real life to make sense 	0
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , 	1
winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity 	0
forgive its mean-spirited second half 	0
not funny performers 	0
is a lame kiddie flick 	0
thoroughly overbearing 	0
that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 	1
two hours of junk 	0
successes 	1
and revolutionary spirit 	1
dramatically lackluster 	0
remarkably faithful one 	1
considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . 	0
as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort . 	1
no surprises . 	0
is oppressively heavy 	0
somewhat less 	0
are moments of hilarity to be had 	1
nutty cliches and far too much dialogue 	0
welcomed 	1
a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz 	0
an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood . 	1
washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell 	1
with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers . 	1
live-action cartoon 	0
useless actioners 	0
uneven dialogue and plot lapses 	0
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom . 	1
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident 	0
virtually no one 	0
still-inestimable contribution 	1
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience 	0
while we delight in the images 	1
may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry 	0
fascinating part 	1
it should have stayed there . 	0
smart , funny look 	1
walk to remember a niche hit 	1
hole-ridden plotting 	0
lost in the translation 	0
seems twice as long as its 83 minutes 	0
it 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie . 	0
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 	1
disconnects 	0
amazingly evocative 	1
weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next 	1
have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 	0
viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving 	1
whose legacy had begun to bronze 	1
extant stardom 	1
's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn 	0
bibbidy-bobbidi-bland . 	0
soulless . 	0
dragons ! 	1
been replaced by the bottom of the barrel 	0
an increasingly important film industry 	1
hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch 	1
hilarious and sad 	1
involving than this mess 	0
are lukewarm and quick to pass . 	0
poorly 	0
captivating 	1
integrity 	1
cardiac 	0
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche . 	0
an excuse 	0
most awful acts 	0
is so clumsily sentimental 	0
whiney 	0
be cutting-edge indie filmmaking 	1
imposter makes a better short story than it does a film 	0
of musical passion 	1
this obscenely bad dark comedy 	0
wal-mart budget 	0
a rather thin moral 	0
misfire that even tunney ca n't save . 	0
fully formed 	1
, from the incongruous but chemically 	0
how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is 	0
through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special 	0
from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop 	0
of a physician who needs to heal himself 	0
any way of gripping what its point is 	0
with humor and poignancy 	1
muy loco 	0
giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment 	0
the variety of tones in spielberg 's work 	1
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion 	1
no `` waterboy 	0
manipulative claptrap 	0
cast the magnificent jackie chan 	1
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero . 	1
is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience 	0
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches . 	1
slow for a younger crowd 	0
moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act 	1
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style 	1
appeared in 1938 	1
susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , 	1
there done that 	0
bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters 	1
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky , 	0
would have been better than the fiction it has concocted 	0
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard 	0
's better than the phantom menace . 	1
that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves 	1
of four fine 	1
conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible 	1
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller . 	0
, solid storytelling . 	1
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 	1
a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all 	1
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and 	1
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled 	1
the lovable-loser protagonist 	1
though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough 	1
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes . 	0
green men 	0
, this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . 	1
teddy bears ' 	1
feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something 	0
poor quality 	0
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , 	1
jazzy score 	1
loquacious 	1
is prime escapist fare 	1
the film 's needlessly opaque intro 	0
, if disingenuous , 	0
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings . 	1
making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be 	0
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive 	1
a travesty of a transvestite comedy 	0
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating 	0
... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends . 	1
worthy idea 	1
have been better off staying on the festival circuit 	0
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory 	1
an intoxicating 	1
all the earmarks of french cinema at its best 	1
also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won . 	0
is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing 	1
be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds 	1
to fruition in her sophomore effort 	1
super 	1
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background . 	1
i do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold . 	1
that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain 	0
would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 	0
watching `` ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale . 	0
an interesting and at times captivating 	1
will assuredly have their funny bones tickled 	1
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , 	1
the movie sputters 	0
suited neither 	0
big bloody stew 	0
from its unsettling prognosis 	0
, deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . 	1
a mournful undercurrent 	0
is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout 	0
a verbal duel between two gifted performers 	1
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life . 	0
this is no `` waterboy ! '' 	0
swiftly 	1
fairly enjoyable 	1
a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination 	0
deeply biased , and 	0
an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 	1
tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother . 	1
the level of an after-school tv special 	0
the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you . 	0
rich tale 	1
a fascinating profile 	1
prepare 	1
shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale 	0
honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama 	1
`` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece . 	1
the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present 	1
an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness . 	1
buddy cop comedy 	1
horrific 	0
i 'm all for that 	1
's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary . 	0
the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus 	0
wit and originality 	1
'' admirably 	1
the pay-off is negligible 	0
designed strictly for children 's home video , 	0
to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar 	0
its shortcomings 	0
that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 	0
this italian freakshow 	0
the nerve to speak up 	1
are infectious 	1
some serious soul 	1
the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 	0
slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation 	0
the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book 	0
its core 	1
standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 	0
i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow 	1
, `` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . 	1
sumptuous stream 	1
have the best of both worlds 	1
very moving and revelatory footnote 	1
about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love 	1
wow . 	1
beautifully animated epic 	1
an engaging fantasy 	1
riveting power and sadness 	1
and inventive moments 	1
hiding behind cutesy film references 	0
it 's a heck of a ride 	1
overwrought 	0
music and life 	1
is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 	0
when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	0
do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl 	0
creeping into the second half 	0
damaged-goods people 	0
is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . 	0
to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter 	0
a witty 	1
does its predecessors proud . 	1
such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating 	0
what ` blade runner ' would 	1
a little underconfident 	0
cinemantic flair 	1
, it 's a lyrical endeavor . 	1
have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own . 	1
annoying specimen 	0
rock solid family fun out 	1
i 'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking . 	0
a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back 	1
to make up for the ones that do n't come off 	1
been 13 months and 295 preview screenings 	1
like any good romance 	1
a step further , 	1
spirit is a visual treat , and 	1
of a 20-car pileup 	0
is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life 	1
maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature 	1
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or 	0
solid emotional impact 	1
in clichés and mawkish dialogue 	0
tom green 's freddie got fingered 	0
increasingly implausible as it races 	0
beckons us all 	1
filling 	1
first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast 	1
dying and loving 	1
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur . 	0
an unsettling sight , and 	0
the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path 	1
work -- is charming 	1
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . 	0
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone . 	0
this engaging film 	1
not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	1
`` solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 	0
an affected malaise 	0
tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush 	1
impeccable study 	1
swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements 	1
that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot . 	0
a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie 	1
extremely thorough 	1
worth seeing at least once 	1
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : 	0
devolves into a laugh-free lecture 	0
unforgivingly 	0
i liked this film a lot ... 	1
byron and luther 	1
the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence 	1
the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound 	0
if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 	0
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is . 	1
and , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . 	1
that tears welled up in my eyes both times 	1
that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship 	1
by letting you share her one-room world for a while 	1
of constant smiles and frequent laughter 	1
offended 	0
is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually 	1
is just a little bit hard to love . 	0
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate . 	0
's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy 	0
( city ) reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year . 	1
another boorish movie 	0
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . 	0
that attracts the young and fit 	1
something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality 	1
have made it an exhilarating 	1
lazy but enjoyable 	1
the best didacticism 	1
'm all for that 	1
in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself 	1
macdowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done . 	1
be shallow 	0
with a `` spy kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 	0
, it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous . 	0
, the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens 	0
favorite musical 	1
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold . 	0
another useless recycling of a brutal mid 	0
downbeat 	0
unfaithful 	0
not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer 	1
another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype 	0
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem . 	1
is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 	1
more successful 	1
suspenseful spin 	1
scant place for the viewer 	0
cedar 's 	1
utter sincerity 	1
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing 	1
the predictability of bland comfort food 	0
and witty feature 	1
feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer 	1
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool . 	0
, nothing good can happen 	0
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto 	1
seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense 	0
older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag 	0
therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one 	0
reactionary ideas about women 	0
bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction 	0
stillborn 	0
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness 	1
the lively appeal of the last kiss 	1
featuring an oscar-worthy performance 	1
cheap junk 	0
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time . 	0
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but 	0
it just seems manufactured to me and artificial 	0
it 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain . 	0
, hilarious 	1
this overlong infomercial , 	0
an intelligent screenplay 	1
it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter . 	1
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor 	1
had their hearts in the right place . 	1
playwriting 101 premise 	0
thin notion 	0
meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , 	0
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence 	0
that does not move 	0
something provocative , rich , and strange 	1
i 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent . 	1
an effective portrait 	1
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , 	0
too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash . 	0
send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments 	1
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin . 	0
like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable . 	0
a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 	0
slightly disappointed 	0
proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure . 	1
a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those 	1
could n't keep my attention 	0
really earned my indignant , preemptive departure 	0
reverent 	1
his sentimental journey of the heart 	1
an astoundingly rich film 	1
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness . 	1
loves them to pieces 	1
so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer 	0
goodwill 	1
family-friendly comedy 	1
before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon 	0
is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe . 	0
missed the point 	0
answered yes , by all means 	1
as relationships shift , director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc . 	1
the right choices at every turn 	1
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining 	1
with honesty , insight and humor 	1
ambitious films 	1
be captivated 	1
here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip 	0
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck 	0
will likely 	1
this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen 	1
takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about . 	0
the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug 	0
to make the formula feel fresh 	1
is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus 	0
the most brilliant work 	1
from the dullest science fiction 	0
friendly kick 	1
suitable 	1
i bought this movie 	1
, folks , it does n't work . 	0
, there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 	0
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona 	0
from `` promising '' 	1
a romance this smart 	1
fessenden continues to do interesting work 	1
will most likely doze off during this one 	0
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last . 	1
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , 	1
the credits roll across the pat ending 	0
, and totally disorientated 	0
who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable 	0
'd probably turn it off , 	0
warm , moving message 	1
the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised 	0
feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting 	0
a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 	0
an in-depth portrait 	1
performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks 	0
acquire the fast-paced contemporary society 	1
distinctly sub-par 	0
mediocre movies 	0
most politically audacious films 	1
if that 's not too glorified a term 	1
keeps this pretty watchable , and 	1
the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves 	0
awesome 	1
sun-splashed whites 	1
is as bad at it is cruel 	0
will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . 	1
these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before 	0
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line 	0
glides gracefully from male persona to female 	1
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something 	1
because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	0
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film . 	1
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance . 	1
williams ' anarchy gets tiresome 	0
, it 's icky . 	0
far less endearing disabilities 	0
lacking in charm and charisma 	0
toilet-humor 	0
of this tacky nonsense 	0
a tragedy 	0
sluggish 	0
mixed up together like a term paper 	0
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and 	1
the screenplay to keep the film entertaining 	1
has considerable charm . 	1
a comedic moment in this romantic comedy 	1
simply runs out of ideas 	0
reaching the comic heights it obviously desired 	1
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , 	1
... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks . 	1
everywhere 	1
this is a superior horror flick . 	1
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it 	1
sneaks up on you and 	1
good pace 	1
redundant 	0
it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but 	0
appropriately 	1
creepy and vague 	0
illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters 	1
's hard to resist his enthusiasm 	1
the delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two . 	1
moving story 	1
in their recklessness 	0
because it was particularly funny 	1
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept . 	0
horribly 	0
pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year 	0
a copy of a copy 	0
many good ideas 	1
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast 	0
to reveal his impressively delicate range 	1
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- 	0
a snore and 	0
lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy 	1
oft-brilliant 	1
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , 	0
is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees 	1
that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body 	0
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat . 	0
for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters 	1
flinching 	0
well-meaning 	1
is a good and ambitious film 	1
hackneyed story 	0
sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 	1
seem to hit 	1
drunken 	0
a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago 	0
evolved from star to superstar some time 	1
go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset 	1
does probably as good a job as anyone 	1
is flawed 	0
the butt 	0
plenty of entertainment value 	1
, fine music never heard 	1
the credit for the film 's winning tone 	1
an ` a ' list cast and 	1
chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . 	1
, touching , smart and complicated 	1
a satisfying summer blockbuster and 	1
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride . 	1
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , 	0
, they wo n't enjoy the movie at all . 	0
a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy 	0
the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 	0
a superior horror flick 	1
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter . 	1
, it is n't much fun . 	0
a major director is emerging in world cinema 	1
a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness 	1
in a well-balanced fashion 	1
feeling like a great missed opportunity 	0
of hard-bitten , cynical journalists 	0
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd . 	0
original cartoon 	1
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera 	0
the strength of their own cleverness 	1
like this movie a lot . 	1
's definitely a step in the right direction . 	1
's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style 	1
is why anthony hopkins is in it . 	0
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays 	1
worn-out 	0
pouty-lipped poof 	0
not enough puff 	1
difficult and 	0
this film puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers . 	1
steers clear of the sensational and 	1
well-wrought story 	1
its nauseating spinning credits sequence 	0
is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . 	0
a shiver-inducing 	1
somebody might devote time to see it 	0
should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . 	1
unexpected ways , touching 	1
trouble every day is a success in some sense , 	1
murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death 	0
fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships 	0
all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor . 	0
if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time 	0
little film noir organized crime story 	1
a crowdpleaser 	1
, it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer 	0
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch 	0
its ultimate demise 	0
the music makes a nice album 	1
new , or inventive , journey 	1
its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline 	0
fan to appreciate scratch 	1
a certain ambition 	1
that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace 	1
a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet . 	1
law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey 	0
un-bear-able 	0
a small movie with a big impact 	1
chilling , and affecting study 	1
it 's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously . 	1
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin 	0
a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates 	1
numbness 	0
it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it 	0
that everlasting conundrum 	0
is fine 	1
ravishing waif 	0
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public 	1
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment 	0
is the action as gripping 	1
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not 	1
the pitch-perfect forster 	1
leave 	0
be compelling , amusing and unsettling 	1
a choke leash 	0
fused with their humor 	1
by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , 	1
that reaches across time and distance 	1
as beautiful , desirable , even delectable 	1
brilliantly constructed work 	1
the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience 	1
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and 	1
that really gives the film its oomph 	1
limpid and 	0
force you to scratch a hole in your head 	0
librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 	1
much humor 	1
to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . 	0
two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance 	0
a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile . 	1
off the page , and for the memorable character creations 	1
drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . 	1
dog 	1
an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out 	1
cool crime movie 	1
establishes a wonderfully creepy mood 	1
dullest tangents 	0
is needed to live a rich and full life 	1
by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company 	0
this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . 	1
to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense 	1
( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) 	1
gets the job done . 	1
sharp writing 	1
depressed 	0
much better 	1
is actually funny without hitting below the belt 	1
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall 	1
time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge 	0
be a different kind of film 	1
while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . 	1
a very charming and funny movie . 	1
with vibrant charm 	1
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family 	1
a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 	1
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and 	0
manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . 	1
stephen earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type . 	0
insightful discourse 	1
to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 	0
it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong 	1
surprisingly funny movie 	1
a creaky `` pretty woman '' 	0
numbness . 	0
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . 	0
it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . 	0
kids 	1
buried , drowned and 	0
remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre 	1
heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment 	0
expert comic timing 	1
the broiling sun for a good three days 	0
necessary and timely 	1
it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while . 	1
the film itself is small and shriveled 	0
of emotional comfort 	1
care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories 	1
crafted a deceptively casual ode 	1
, but solidly entertaining 	1
i suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . 	0
the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching 	1
mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar 	0
masterful 	1
there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable . 	0
talk about for hours 	1
one of the best , most understated performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career . 	1
the pacing is often way off 	0
the original 	1
'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie 	1
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and 	1
delightful comedy 	1
offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor 	0
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , 	0
memorable film 	1
funny look 	1
the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy 	1
entertainingly presented 	1
raucously 	1
animated epic 	1
unique feel 	1
unrewarding 	0
of modern life 	1
minor film 	0
of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries 	1
has little insight 	0
with little logic or continuity 	0
its own action is n't very effective 	0
be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother 	1
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids . 	1
it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going 	1
undoubtedly 	1
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 	1
sweet , funny , charming 	1
you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 	0
inferior level 	0
just a string 	1
has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point 	1
how low brow 	0
he expresses our most basic emotions 	1
warmth to go around , with music and laughter and 	1
the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way 	1
of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 	1
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up 	0
sodden 	0
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries . 	1
into the upper echelons of the directing world 	1
keen 	1
foolish 	0
idiotically 	0
would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative 	0
real narrative logic 	1
nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone 	0
powerful drama 	1
muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through 	0
a trip 	1
does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution 	0
create a complex , unpredictable character 	1
engaging and exciting narrative 	1
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way . 	0
an engrossing entertainment 	1
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner 	1
great idea 	1
psychological case study 	1
yet another visit 	0
it almost loses what made you love it 	0
uncomfortably real 	1
achieves ultimate insignificance 	0
that extravagantly redeems it 	1
it 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s . 	1
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away . 	1
of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions 	0
it goes awry in the final 30 minutes 	0
got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile 	0
is such a perfect medium for children 	1
lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable 	0
what makes it worth a recommendation 	1
'' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . 	1
lifts your spirits 	1
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and 	1
the delusions 	0
a feast 	1
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative . 	0
by the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . 	1
, it 's just grating 	0
illogical 	0
on the success of bollywood 	1
, even delectable 	1
devolves into the derivative 	0
tick-tock pacing 	0
a rollicking good time for the most part 	1
the heat of the moment prevails . 	1
be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general 	0
nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals 	1
best part ' of the movie 	1
a guiltless film 	1
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart 	0
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . 	0
where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves 	0
entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed 	1
as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	1
will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 	0
dry humor 	1
is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while 	1
because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	0
slightly pokey 	0
pink floyd tickets 	1
a winning and wildly fascinating work 	1
lukewarm and 	0
the visual panache , the comic touch , and 	1
oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) 	1
companion piece 	1
wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching . 	1
bidder 	1
most improbable 	0
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics 	1
be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser 	0
its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight 	1
while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight . 	1
plays out like a flimsy excuse 	0
family responsibility and care 	1
toss logic and science 	0
that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief 	1
love . 	1
good actors , 	1
give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 	1
that rare animal 	1
one-of-a-kind 	1
a good , hard yank 	1
this story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 	0
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles . 	1
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone . 	0
, mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience . 	1
's so bad 	0
torn away 	0
humble , teach 	1
fax 	1
knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . 	1
understated piece of filmmaking 	1
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but 	1
she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon 	1
a compelling story 	1
bring off this wild welsh whimsy 	1
he or anyone else 	0
that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives 	1
most excruciating 86 minutes 	0
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , 	0
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing 	1
no explanation or even plot relevance 	0
you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 	0
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet . 	1
so intimate and sensual and funny and 	1
one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence 	1
no 	0
profoundly stupid 	0
... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh . 	1
will enthrall the whole family 	1
good performances and 	1
like many of his works 	1
's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . 	1
is repetitious 	0
demented premise 	0
knows , and very likely is 	1
a beautifully 	1
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year 	1
object lesson 	1
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs 	1
of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 	1
with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack 	1
, realistic portrayal 	1
is a just a waste 	0
wind up using them as punching bags 	0
pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate 	0
spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes 	0
pitch-perfect 	1
the unfulfilling , incongruous 	0
... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time 	0
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble . 	1
accept it as life and go with its flow 	1
sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers . 	1
embodies the transformation of his character completely . 	1
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence 	0
cinematic knack 	1
duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks 	1
fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) 	0
that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 	1
demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world 	1
jokester highway patrolmen 	1
a very good viewing alternative 	1
a domestic melodrama 	1
interminably 	1
michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being . 	1
carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff 	0
undercuts 	0
well-edited 	1
is classic nowheresville in every sense 	0
should pay reparations to viewers 	0
courageous molly craig 	1
awfully deadly 	0
insecure about its capacity 	0
flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror 	0
convenient 	1
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith 	1
piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	0
, heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . 	1
intricately structured and well-realized 	1
it 's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes 	1
, self-important stories 	0
a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism 	1
is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context . 	1
indifferent 	0
easy sanctimony 	0
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride . 	0
the sorriest 	0
much colorful 	1
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful . 	0
very effective 	1
sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 	1
, xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement . 	1
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation 	1
there 's nothing else happening 	0
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 	0
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) , has succeeded beyond all expectation . 	1
vibrant 	1
captures both the beauty of the land and the people 	1
it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition 	0
the annoying score 	0
in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy 	0
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america . 	0
show-stoppingly hilarious , but 	1
can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored 	1
an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 	0
pretty tattered 	0
get out 	0
particularly memorable 	1
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture 	1
is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement . 	0
rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines 	0
best inside-show-biz 	1
manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . 	0
ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired 	0
the movie does not do them justice 	0
systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	0
in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes 	0
before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end . 	0
one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures . 	1
a family-oriented non-disney film 	1
as saccharine as it is disposable . 	0
successful one 	1
give a second look if we passed them on the street 	1
without a fresh infusion of creativity 	0
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but 	1
idiosyncratic humor 	1
with incredible subtlety and acumen 	1
that scalds like acid 	0
care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor 	1
the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker . 	0
's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness 	0
a small , personal film 	1
geriatric dirty harry 	0
this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life 	1
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 	0
suited to a quiet evening on pbs 	0
elaborate 	1
a splendid job 	1
so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough 	1
get on a board and , uh , shred , 	0
want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned 	1
the respect they 	1
some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo 	1
lecherous 	0
vulgarities 	0
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue 	0
pristine style and bold colors 	1
, it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . 	0
the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . 	0
about the worst thing chan has done in the united states 	0
mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated 	1
built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids 	0
to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	0
very experienced 	1
's something about mary and both american pie movies 	1
blessed with a searing lead performance 	1
recommend `` never again 	1
really unclear 	0
a sexy slip of an earth mother 	1
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque 	0
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare . 	1
a heroine as feisty and principled as jane 	1
measured or polished 	1
offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . 	1
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , 	1
zero 	0
that annoying specimen of humanity 	0
this ludicrous film 	0
fanciful motion picture 	1
efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug . 	1
epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be 	1
every member 	1
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i 'm all for that . 	1
of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal 	1
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys 	1
of invention 	1
uneven action comedy 	0
as a classic movie franchise 	1
peculiar and always entertaining 	1
they finally feel absolutely earned 	1
blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering 	1
gleefully 	1
'' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 	0
only half-an-hour long or 	0
taking the easy hollywood road 	1
prepackaged 	0
full of elaborate and twisted characters 	1
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks . 	1
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution . 	0
mediocre horror film 	0
is better than you might think . 	1
fine effort 	1
through than in most ` right-thinking ' films 	1
snoozer 	0
's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive 	1
between flaccid satire and what 	1
the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work . 	1
could have been crisper and punchier , but 	0
effects that are more silly than scary 	0
from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	1
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia . 	1
intense and engrossing head-trip 	1
is a big time stinker . 	0
's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but 	1
even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck 	0
disintegrates 	0
pure misogynist evil 	0
criticism 	0
have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows 	0
mostly magnificent directorial career 	1
caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch 	0
that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema 	1
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences . 	1
a lovely film 	1
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style . 	1
an empty shell 	0
artistically 	1
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly 	0
despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places 	0
that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and 	0
there 's nothing exactly wrong here , but 	0
join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks 	1
( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction 	1
keeps this pretty watchable , 	1
what we call the ` wow ' factor 	1
the best of comedies 	1
to be truly prurient 	0
ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit 	0
laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man . 	0
that satisfies 	1
futuristic sets 	1
a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict 	1
sickeningly savage 	0
88-minute rip-off 	0
( t ) his slop 	0
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud . 	1
an enthralling 	1
the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook 	0
the acting is just fine 	1
rarity 	1
tolerate leon barlow 	0
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone . 	0
is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels 	0
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... 	1
watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain 	1
old-fashioned , occasionally charming 	1
hollowness 	0
to enjoy good trash every now and then 	1
the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won 	0
to unexpected heights 	1
that 's low on both suspense and payoff 	0
conjure proper respect 	1
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes . 	0
enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit 	1
quite unengaging 	0
every sequel you skip 	0
gently comic even as the film breaks your heart 	1
made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	1
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others 	1
its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors 	1
just offensive 	0
the soul of a man in pain 	0
of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters 	1
the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . 	1
whose derring-do puts the x into the games 	1
low , very low , very very low 	0
of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 	0
falls into the trap of pretention almost every time 	0
is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture 	1
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 	1
little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 	0
virulently unpleasant excuse 	0
full of cheesy dialogue , 	0
arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 	1
oscar wilde 's classic satire 	1
`` simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . 	1
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance 	1
contrived as this may sound 	0
crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary 	0
with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	0
of old-fashioned hollywood magic 	1
, i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ... 	0
through ill-conceived action pieces 	0
an overly familiar scenario 	0
, you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 	0
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films . 	1
, predictable rehash 	0
reaction 	1
the true impact 	1
( a ) crushing disappointment . 	0
enjoy seeing how both evolve 	1
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others . 	1
absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes 	0
beyond-lame 	0
classical actress 	1
banal in its message and the choice of material 	0
irrational , long-suffering but cruel 	0
masochistic 	0
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them . 	1
earnest homage 	1
the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller 	1
have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . 	0
charming , funny and beautifully crafted import 	1
drab wannabe 	0
wow 	1
the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 	1
remarkably well 	1
desperate for the evening to end 	0
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy 	0
dreamlike 	1
it 's provocative stuff 	1
a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés 	0
into an inhalant blackout 	0
projector 's 	1
is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	1
excuse for a film 	0
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering 	0
some strong supporting players 	1
in practically every facet of inept filmmaking 	0
when ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science 	0
it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple 	1
of sentimental ooze 	0
ultimately empty examination 	0
marvelous performance 	1
ludicrous terms 	0
if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons 	0
into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 	0
, it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head 	0
gentle 	1
to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting 	1
this engaging mix 	1
wo n't be an ) 	0
through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 	0
everyone 's 	1
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale 	0
flawed but engrossing 	1
even shallow 	0
extraordinarily good 	1
swallow thanks to remarkable performances 	1
her third feature will be something to behold 	1
no new plot conceptions or 	0
works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera 	1
the vulgar , sexist , racist humor 	0
may have been a good film in `` trouble every day 	0
out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos 	0
a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in 	1
humanize 	1
so many merchandised-to-the-max movies 	0
contrived as this may sound , mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well . 	1
a whole heap 	0
pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel 	0
thumbs friggin ' down 	0
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie 	1
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle 	0
makes a wonderful subject for the camera 	1
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded . 	1
the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight . 	1
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale 	1
bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically 	1
wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	0
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say . 	1
its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences 	0
the raw comic energy 	1
, this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . 	1
that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why 	1
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves 	1
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun . 	0
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . 	0
amidst the action , the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . '' 	1
in insignificance 	0
is tenderly observant of his characters 	1
parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature 	1
ca n't go wrong . 	1
by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit 	1
the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid 	1
continues to improve . 	1
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , 	1
inept 	0
cuisine and palatable presentation 	1
of that 	1
ingenious and 	1
permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed 	0
dull-witted and 	0
winning performances and some effecting moments 	1
a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger 	1
the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds 	1
) 	1
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming 	1
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . ' 	0
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images 	1
is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	0
they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused 	0
be building suspense 	1
the tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' . 	0
has created such a vibrant , colorful world 	1
except it 's much , much better . 	1
goofy , life-affirming moments 	1
a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama 	1
built for controversy 	1
a powerful 1957 drama 	1
you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson 	1
can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial 	1
so crisp and 	1
's still too burdened by the actor 	0
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . 	1
are believable as people 	1
percolating 	1
especially well-executed television movie 	1
so much farcical 	0
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , 	1
psychologically revealing 	1
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop . 	0
emerges as the very best of them 	1
a portrait of alienation 	1
is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable 	1
the proficient , dull sorvino 	0
seems so larger than life and yet so fragile 	1
, empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 	0
deserves an oscar nomination . 	1
a whale of a good time for both children and parents 	1
far less crass 	1
's definitely worth taking a look 	1
of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance 	1
unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope 	1
swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard 	0
suffers from all the excesses of the genre 	0
to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem 	0
of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	1
take this film at face value 	1
an mtv , sugar hysteria , 	0
clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style 	1
turn away from one 	0
well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) . 	0
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events . 	0
skip this turd and 	0
is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 	0
is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops 	0
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references 	0
the power of spirits 	1
is definitely a cut above the rest 	1
intense and 	1
victim to sloppy plotting , 	0
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates 	1
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one . 	0
the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life 	1
fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall ) 	1
's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie 	0
feel like it 's wasted yours 	0
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book 	1
oppressively 	0
becoming too cute about it 	0
even while his characters are acting horribly 	0
the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it 	0
is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish 	0
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . 	0
heartbreak 	0
unchanged dullard 	0
writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags . 	0
director david fincher and writer david koepp ca n't sustain it . 	0
cuteness 	1
is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not 	0
familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same 	1
frenetic , funny , even punny 6 	1
no reason to watch 	0
fuel our best achievements and other times 	1
more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice 	1
crafty 	1
somewhat short 	0
'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... ' 	0
yawn-provoking little farm melodrama . 	0
a date 	1
who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron 	1
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play 	1
realistic , urgent 	1
in this tepid genre offering 	0
is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . 	1
never seems hopelessly juvenile . 	0
rather thin 	0
the symbols 	1
he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit 	0
find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation 	1
most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise 	1
be a one-trick pony 	0
make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series 	1
disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it 	0
is his best film yet ... 	1
nothing new to see 	0
shock-you-into-laughter intensity 	1
feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 	1
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on 	1
how bad this movie was 	0
an imitation movie 	0
of a sports extravaganza 	1
are immaculate , 	1
should be used to burn every print of the film 	0
, kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again . 	1
out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment 	0
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) 	0
audacity to view one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy 	0
adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture 	0
playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows . 	1
bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension 	0
into heaven 	1
what 's missing 	0
is often exquisite 	1
while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché 	0
inappropriate 	0
a terrific b movie -- 	1
has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth . 	1
an uncomfortable movie , 	0
decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three . 	0
a story of dramatic enlightenment 	1
queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . 	0
distinctly minor 	0
as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter 	1
the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes 	1
stinks 	0
if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 	0
bogging down in a barrage of hype 	0
with cliche 	0
a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit 	1
it is very difficult to care about the character , 	0
go at all the wrong moments 	0
soderbergh 's best films , 	1
another routine hollywood frightfest 	0
trash 	0
that rare quality 	1
's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting 	0
difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish 	0
denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	0
is as predictable as the tides 	0
be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it 	0
stupid characters 	0
offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past 	1
so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance 	1
's potentially just as rewarding 	1
oddest 	0
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man . 	0
yawner . 	0
a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn 	1
genius 	1
spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together 	0
the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties 	0
alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . 	1
slow , predictable and 	0
is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet 	0
that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 	1
preachy and 	0
's unfortunate 	0
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact 	1
while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . 	0
not counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes . 	0
10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away . 	1
by a self-indulgent script 	0
often-funny comedy 	1
is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 	0
proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls 	1
rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge 	0
is just a little bit hard to love 	0
whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three 	0
one-sidedness 	0
lame romantic comedy 	0
hilarity 	1
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely 	0
pollution 	0
you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler 	0
culture-clash comedy 	1
suffocating rape-payback horror 	0
this modern mob music drama 	1
( has ) an immediacy 	1
delivers . 	1
feel alive - 	1
acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses 	1
the heroes of horror movies try to avoid 	0
resist his pleas to spare wildlife and 	0
the only reason 	1
awful complications 	0
seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . 	0
a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images 	1
as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace 	1
technically sophisticated in the worst way 	0
's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references 	1
for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 	1
utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story 	0
a lump of play-doh 	1
a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade 	1
really won my heart 	1
to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 	1
as a reverie about memory and regret 	1
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and 	0
lacks in depth 	0
charming and funny 	1
worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés 	0
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it , the project should have been made for the tube . 	0
he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film 	1
, sobering , heart-felt drama 	1
proper respect 	1
a fifty car pileup of cliches . 	0
suspense on different levels 	1
all its fusty squareness 	0
and pasta-fagioli comedy 	1
held my interest precisely 	1
entertained by 	1
, nutty , consistently funny . 	1
by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience 	1
more slowly 	0
, original 	1
too stupid 	0
for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers 	1
was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel 	0
like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables 	0
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series 	0
so insanely dysfunctional 	0
nice , light treat 	1
intimate and universal cinema 	1
incredibly captivating and 	1
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination . 	1
what the hell was coming next 	0
is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action 	0
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . 	0
forget 	0
are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times . 	1
'd bother watching past the second commercial break 	0
tasty morsels 	1
suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length 	0
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism . 	0
think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star . 	0
the best of herzog 's works 	1
`` the good girl '' a film worth watching 	1
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . 	1
is as generic as its title 	0
this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty . 	1
you might want to check it out 	1
the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt 	1
going to take you 	1
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access 	1
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . 	1
being unique 	1
jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier . 	0
with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do 	1
works on some levels and 	1
dawns , real dawns , comic relief 	1
refracting 	0
a strong script , powerful direction 	1
rigged and sluggish 	0
affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed 	0
from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing 	0
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . 	1
no cute factor 	0
would be an abridged edition 	0
seen through the right eyes 	1
something hip and transgressive 	1
sweet , charming 	1
are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 	0
is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family . 	1
a xerox machine 	0
they do n't fit well together and neither is well told 	0
that powerhouse 	1
concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 	1
a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title 	0
most excruciating 86 minutes one 	0
a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking 	1
the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass . 	0
in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse 	0
a fully developed story 	1
screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation 	0
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , 	1
with celluloid garbage 	0
if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` how does steven seagal come across these days ? '' 	0
about identity and alienation 	0
to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 	0
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy 	0
it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions 	1
simple tale 	1
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher 	0
fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 	1
as an important , original talent in international cinema 	1
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . 	1
than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy 	0
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note 	0
the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while 	0
the performances are often engaging 	1
a retread story , bad writing , and 	0
that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium 	1
laid-back good spirits 	1
is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . 	0
struggling nobody 	0
traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery 	1
the worst of the brosnan bunch 	0
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and 	1
that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame 	0
rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis . 	1
so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump 	0
's too long and unfocused . 	0
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved . 	0
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money . 	0
admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 	1
do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some . 	1
performances of exceptional honesty 	1
wears out 	0
that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs 	1
, uninhibited 	1
, this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . 	1
were paying dues for good books unread 	0
are ... 	1
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard 	0
genuinely good 	1
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short 	0
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 	1
begins to fade from memory 	0
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty 	1
will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . 	1
to probe questions of attraction and interdependence 	1
an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances 	1
as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity 	0
is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just 	1
what he could make with a decent budget 	1
a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here . 	0
the most surprising thing 	1
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's . 	0
a dumb comedy 	0
filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie 	1
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : 	0
fill time 	0
terrific film 	1
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 	1
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot 	0
, poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	0
watch your merchant ivory productions 	1
you need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work . 	1
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers 	1
worth the look 	1
serious minded patience , respect and affection 	1
, you can do no wrong with jason x. 	1
the thing ' and a geriatric 	0
's surprisingly decent 	1
a good documentarian 	1
stress ` dumb 	0
charming 	1
her confidence in her material 	1
the usual movie rah-rah 	0
crafted 	1
show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck 	1
an honest , sensitive story 	1
a complete shambles 	0
has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project 	0
steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 	1
to his pulpy thrillers 	1
painful lie 	0
it the most 	1
it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter . 	1
if the film has a problem 	0
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and 	0
truly annoying pitch 	0
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away . 	1
a huge action sequence 	1
deadpan cool , wry humor 	1
brilliantly 	1
wannabe 	0
( westbrook ) makes a wonderful subject for the camera . 	1
a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination 	0
one scene 	1
, inner-city autistic 	0
a way that few movies have ever approached 	1
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not 	1
some movies that hit you from the first scene 	1
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , 	1
needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting 	0
hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through . 	0
bottom 	0
a fluid , no-nonsense authority 	1
it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions 	0
why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 	0
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 	0
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor 	1
makes it worth a recommendation 	1
angst-ridden 	0
a tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with 	0
is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors . 	0
most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	0
see this movie 	1
first-time director joão pedro rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on . 	0
but how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery . 	0
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . ' 	1
packed with just as much intelligence as action 	1
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle 	1
the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years 	1
does not make for much of a movie . 	0
far less sophisticated 	0
an awful sour taste 	0
is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato 	0
seems suited neither to kids or adults . 	0
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and 	1
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , 	0
a relentlessly globalizing world 	1
well done , but slow 	1
it lacks in outright newness 	0
of psychopathic pulp 	0
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths . 	1
so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 	1
be in video stores by christmas 	0
turns a blind eye 	0
this gutter romancer 's 	0
be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other 	0
is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . 	1
intelligent , well-made b movie 	1
despite besson 's high-profile name being wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone . 	1
casts its spooky net 	1
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... 	1
is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance 	1
, it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . 	1
case zero . 	0
energizes it 	1
of the best of the swashbucklers 	1
is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus 	1
even more remarkable 	1
abbass 's understated 	1
undeniably intriguing film 	1
of a freshly painted rembrandt 	1
great impression 	1
is seriously compromised by that 	0
allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years . 	1
find in this dreary mess 	0
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . 	0
mugging their way through snow dogs 	0
the tasteful little revision works 	1
're in luck . 	1
will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll 	1
that frenetic spectacle ( on the tv show ) has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout . 	0
personable , amusing cast 	1
make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous 	1
to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies 	1
in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal 	1
mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . 	1
it deserves to be seen everywhere . 	1
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , 	0
practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte 	1
is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle 	0
very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure 	1
personally , i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet . 	0
the magic that made it all work 	1
at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution 	0
breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 	1
shallow and 	0
that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics 	0
writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin 	0
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but 	1
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive 	0
truly bad 	0
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping 	0
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain 	1
a good human being 	1
poverty 	0
just such a dungpile 	0
this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity 	0
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience . 	0
to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved 	0
flamboyant style 	1
have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age . 	1
... an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit . 	0
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work . 	1
received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen 	1
brave and challenging 	1
be considered a funny little film 	1
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . 	1
stilted and unconvincing 	0
this alleged psychological thriller 	0
veered off too far into the exxon zone , and 	0
imbued with passion and attitude 	1
almost seems like a documentary in the way 	1
its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor 	1
in tight pants and big tits 	0
true to its animatronic roots : 	1
when ( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al. , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture . 	0
the `` a '' range , 	1
fills the eyes 	1
is oppressively heavy . 	0
the climactic hourlong cricket match 	1
make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie 	1
in the film that surprises or delights 	1
find much fascination 	1
a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism 	1
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed 	0
hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre 	0
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking 	0
but overall the halloween series has lost its edge 	0
the simpering soundtrack and editing more so 	0
lost its edge 	0
a poignant and gently humorous 	1
completely honest 	1
good enough to be the purr 	1
then by all means check it out . 	1
on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script 	1
made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime 	0
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but 	1
is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action . 	0
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy . 	1
considerable 	1
the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock 	1
created such a vibrant , colorful world 	1
but it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain . 	1
a tired , predictable 	0
struggle furiously 	0
extravaganza 	1
a depressing story 	0
that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation 	1
pyrotechnics its punchy style promises 	1
might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson 	1
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and 	1
take as long as you 've paid a matinee price 	0
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting . 	1
is firing his r&d people 	0
that such a talented director as chen kaige 	1
and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience . 	1
she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly . 	1
for the future , one hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . 	0
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes . 	1
does not have 	1
an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 	1
feels impersonal , almost generic . 	0
are poorly delivered 	0
, often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 	0
as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation 	0
too clichéd and too often strains 	0
to be a compelling 	1
i 'm likely to see all year 	1
fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie 	1
turn out okay 	1
impeccable comic skill 	1
of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal 	1
redundant and 	0
terrible . 	0
far more meaningful 	1
director lee has a true cinematic knack 	1
the gorgeous piano and 	1
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame . 	1
three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot 	0
no one in the audience or the film seems to really care 	0
box office money that makes michael jordan jealous 	1
the greatest date movies in years 	1
is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . 	0
is a children 's film in the truest sense 	1
cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . 	0
of routine stuff yuen 	0
flatter 	1
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' 	0
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- 	1
the field no favors 	0
scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv 	0
a wise and powerful tale 	1
the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 	0
elegant and eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions , love . 	1
breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people 	1
forget about it by monday , though 	0
eerily accurate 	1
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries . 	1
bogdanovich puts history in perspective 	1
you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides 	0
thrill you , touch you 	1
visuals and enveloping sounds 	1
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves . 	1
what results is the best performance from either in years 	1
this overlong infomercial 	0
remains surprisingly idealistic 	1
rodan is out of his league 	0
as particularly memorable or even all that funny 	0
trashy 	0
to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists 	0
it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . 	1
well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie 	0
too cliched 	0
fabulously funny and 	1
it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before 	1
it 's also not very good . 	0
there is truth here 	1
substantive 	1
may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards 	0
is spot on 	1
to triumphantly sermonize 	1
it is a refreshingly forthright one 	1
, contrived sequels 	0
wannabe . 	0
over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference 	0
the rich and sudden wisdom , 	1
consistent embracing humanity 	1
indigestion sets 	0
empowerment tale thinly 	0
this is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live . 	0
undernourished and plodding 	0
glorious 	1
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and 	0
beautiful , self-satisfied 	1
long-lived friendships and 	1
are far more alienating than involving 	0
punching people in the stomach again 	0
a soul-stirring documentary 	1
you are likely to witness in a movie theater for some time 	1
should be doing a lot of things , but does n't . 	0
entertains not so much 	0
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol . 	1
sordid universe 	0
it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls 	0
a remarkably accessible and haunting film 	1
for the ones that do n't come off 	1
host to some truly excellent sequences 	1
pure composition 	1
i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week 	1
the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 	0
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but 	0
compelling supporting characters 	1
equally miserable film 	0
its invitingly upbeat overture to 	1
juxtapositions 	1
this beautifully animated epic 	1
a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement . 	0
as it is , it 's too long and unfocused . 	0
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh . 	0
trusted audiences 	1
a bad film 	0
is almost in a class with that of wilde himself . 	1
it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller . 	1
in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize 	1
glamorous machine 	1
for some very good acting , dialogue , 	1
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 	1
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace 	1
but quietly effective retelling 	1
wannabe-hip crime comedy 	0
it 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive . 	1
recreation to resonate 	1
becoming 	1
profoundly 	1
could easily be dealing with right now in your lives 	1
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , 	0
little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation 	0
' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 	0
all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . 	0
emotional and 	1
somehow makes it all the more compelling . 	1
intriguing and alluring 	1
disbelief 	0
, pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 	0
for people who like their romances to have that french realism 	1
every bit as high 	1
a feast for the eyes 	1
i spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits 	0
tackled a meaty subject and 	1
irresistibly uncanny ambience 	1
warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it . 	1
would have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is 	1
a true and historically significant story 	1
awfully 	0
it takes to describe how bad it is 	0
slap her 	0
die-hard french film connoisseurs 	1
a sincere performance 	1
credulous 	1
does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence . 	1
the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up 	0
's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene 	0
, so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ? 	1
emotionally grand 	1
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , 	1
's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo . 	0
acute writing and a host of splendid performances 	1
that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 	0
you 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery . 	0
's definitely a step in the right direction 	1
have developed some taste 	1
a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	0
refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body 	1
exactly how bad it is 	0
award 	1
slightly less successful 	0
bad action movie 	0
successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters 	1
achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars 	1
contradictory 	0
is loaded with good intentions 	1
the e-graveyard 	1
a smart comedy 	1
's a very valuable film 	1
enticing and 	1
a step down 	0
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke . 	0
an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents 	0
reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture . 	0
borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , 	0
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog 	0
is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 	1
brimming 	1
is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film 	0
you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals . 	1
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast 	0
worst cinematic tragedies 	0
and completely ridiculous 	0
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional 	1
if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . 	0
does a great combination act 	1
employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities 	1
organized 	1
someone who obviously knows nothing about crime 	0
moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver 	1
has had a successful career in tv 	1
you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . 	1
a 60-second homage 	1
is just the point 	1
the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	1
of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then 	1
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single 	0
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , 	0
this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity . 	1
will probably be in wedgie heaven . 	0
the fun of the movie 	1
gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels 	1
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool 	0
distinctly sub-par ... 	0
borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy . 	0
about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 	0
are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 	0
seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material 	0
meandering and confusing . 	0
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense 	0
a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings 	1
seem like something to endure instead of enjoy 	0
, heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear 	1
mugs mercilessly 	0
an unwieldy cast 	0
other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	0
recommend secretary 	1
a quiet , disquieting triumph 	1
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful . 	1
death to smoochy is often very funny 	1
, the weight of water is oppressively heavy . 	0
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- 	0
and we do n't avert our eyes for a moment . 	1
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , 	1
the most original fantasy film ever made 	1
spot 	1
suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought 	1
largely flat and uncreative moments 	0
interesting psychological game 	1
masters of both 	1
praises female self-sacrifice 	1
i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy 	0
to adopt as a generational signpost 	1
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell 	0
sensuality and a conniving wit 	1
its elegantly colorful look and 	1
a durable part 	1
the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling 	1
are worse 	0
enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals 	1
cleaner 	1
give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss 	0
the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama . 	0
-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while . 	1
the film never feels derivative 	1
the gifted pearce 	1
smart , 	1
unsuccessful attempt 	0
well directed 	1
satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action 	1
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell . 	1
coherent 	1
to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds 	1
more to think about after the final frame 	1
what 's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best . 	0
at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 	0
trash-cinema 	0
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day . 	1
to check your brain at the door 	0
as good a job as anyone 	1
just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes 	1
rewarding 	1
virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension 	0
do no wrong 	1
will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget 	1
, there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . 	0
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy 	1
you to scratch a hole in your head 	0
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags . 	0
cool visual backmasking ) 	1
indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length 	0
rises above superficiality 	1
i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne 	1
transvestite comedy 	0
has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing 	0
flailing 	0
asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth . 	1
dramatically lackluster . 	0
slap-happy 	1
challenging or depressing 	0
return to form for director peter bogdanovich 	1
soggy potboiler 	0
to the idiocy of its last frames 	0
it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- 	1
, not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it 	0
so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen 	0
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness . 	1
the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame . 	1
are uncomfortably strained 	0
shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence 	0
of the more overtly silly dialogue 	0
best actress 	1
is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out . 	1
dialog between realistic characters 	1
's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting 	0
( barry ) gives assassin a disquieting authority . 	1
this nasty comedy 	0
's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas 	1
, intelligent 	1
is that her confidence in her material is merited 	1
heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness 	1
like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while 	0
b-movie category 	0
in its committed dumbness 	0
desiccated talent 	0
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film . 	0
why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 	1
outing with one of france 's most inventive directors 	1
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , 	0
is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 	0
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest 	0
equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek 	1
does pack some serious suspense 	1
does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	1
one problem with the movie , 	0
allegiance to chekhov 	1
snide 	0
of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation 	1
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life 	1
the best possible senses 	1
make for some robust and scary entertainment . 	1
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human 	1
must shoot it in the head 	0
feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago . 	1
israeli/palestinian conflict as 	1
letting go at all the wrong moments 	0
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes . 	0
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm . 	1
nails all of orlean 's themes 	1
a film -- full of life and small delights -- 	1
's a fantastic movie 	1
mistake . 	0
instead of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics . 	0
stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard 	0
out of eudora welty 	1
that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 	1
jump-in-your-seat 	1
movies about angels 	1
a cold , calculated exercise 	0
turn away from one another instead of talking 	0
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice 	1
odd bedfellows 	0
able to give full performances 	1
wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder 	0
could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ? 	0
fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting 	0
this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people 	1
the product 	1
the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie 	1
may look cool 	1
... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . 	0
in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve . 	1
that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess 	0
an impressive style 	1
, he is always sympathetic . 	1
permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed . 	0
reasonably creative 	1
uncommonly pleasurable 	1
dislikable study in sociopathy . 	0
is they have a tendency to slip into hokum 	0
's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease 	0
maudlin and cliche-ridden 	0
hawaiian setting 	1
... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season . 	0
there 's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout . 	1
know a star 	1
a modest masterpiece . 	1
be made on the cheap 	0
that profound , at least 	1
equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information 	1
perfected 	1
because they 're clueless and inept 	0
offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close . 	1
a higher plateau 	1
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role . 	1
a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ... 	1
natural sportsmen 	1
friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia 	0
painfully redundant and inauthentic 	0
not without merit 	1
well-made and satisfying thriller 	1
rally to its cause , 	1
a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona 	0
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche . 	0
bottom-feeder 	0
its rawness and vitality 	1
a chilling tale 	1
a truly magical movie 	1
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways . 	1
freshening 	1
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america . 	1
, funny , even punny 6 	1
enjoyed the love story 	1
the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand . 	1
up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick 	0
is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors . 	1
reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain 	1
does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 	0
$ 99 bargain-basement special 	0
unbalanced mixture 	0
compellingly watchable . 	1
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur 	1
so could young romantics out on a date . 	1
wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character 	0
hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter 	1
a stark portrait 	1
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage . 	1
offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them . 	1
impressive and 	1
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches . 	0
is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain 	1
that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food 	0
strikingly devious 	1
prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense 	1
to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief 	1
action-adventure buffs 	1
stop buying tickets to these movies 	0
the start -- and , refreshingly , 	1
, in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life 	0
rich with human events 	1
the dynamic first act 	1
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed . 	1
be on video 	0
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up 	1
that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country 	0
not well enough 	0
it 's a cool event for the whole family . 	1
capable thriller 	1
at three hours and with very little story or character development 	0
nothing we have n't seen before from murphy 	0
more beautiful than either of those films 	1
is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau . 	0
this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism 	1
wholesome and 	1
i 'm guessing the director is a magician . 	1
the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape 	0
boisterous , heartfelt comedy 	1
bang-up 	1
us share their enthusiasm 	1
innovative backgrounds 	1
a powerful emotional wallop 	1
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . 	1
the movie is a dud . 	0
of balto 	1
at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart . 	1
are sometimes bracing 	1
offers opportunities for occasional smiles 	1
's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face 	0
drag an audience 	0
succeeded only in making me groggy 	0
thurman 	1
as any other arnie musclefest 	0
funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality 	1
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen . 	1
amusing 	1
with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing 	1
offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone 	1
so poorly plotted and scripted . 	0
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man 	0
is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way . 	1
all the demographically appropriate comic buttons 	1
schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas 	1
creepy-crawly bug things 	0
a classy , sprightly spin 	1
it aspires 	1
its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes 	1
utterly absorbing 	1
, you should be able to find better entertainment . 	0
the first mistake , i suspect , 	0
of the most original american productions this year 	1
it is definitely worth seeing . 	1
with a humanistic message 	1
sex 	1
but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? ' 	0
a lot of tooth in roger dodger 	1
the best date movie of the year 	1
in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget 	1
the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving 	0
as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down 	0
gimmicky 	1
begins with promise , 	1
tickled 	1
too violent 	0
rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys 	1
living under a rock 	0
that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow 	1
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible . 	1
fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 	1
the excitement 	1
short of profound characterizations 	1
that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny 	0
to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 	1
like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form 	0
careless and unfocused 	0
an observant , unfussily poetic meditation 	1
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it 	1
one of the most genuinely sweet films 	1
who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act 	1
despite its sincere acting 	0
the last days 	0
are able to accomplish 	1
the update is dreary and sluggish . 	0
who is not a character in this movie 	1
of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways 	0
all bluster 	0
it 's supposed to feel funny and light 	0
the screenplay or something 	1
, signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype . 	0
provoked to intolerable levels 	0
done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez 	0
his control 	0
mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 	0
hypnotically dull , 	0
auto-critique 	0
inspired 	1
pure movie 	1
is visually ravishing , 	1
seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do . 	1
paced and satisfying 	1
to make of this italian freakshow 	0
what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test . 	0
to have the best of both worlds 	1
's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing 	0
although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything . 	0
of the film 's cheeky charm 	1
healing process 	1
actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks 	0
a captivating drama 	1
old-fashioned hollywood magic 	1
realistically 	1
that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations 	1
inhabit that special annex of hell 	0
collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture . 	0
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , 	1
of fun for all 	1
a hit - and-miss affair , 	0
great , has solid acting and a neat premise 	1
do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept 	0
an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit 	0
agony 	0
of nearly epic proportions 	1
filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible 	0
my greatest pictures 	1
is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 	0
modest amusements 	1
fun of me 	1
) just too bratty for sympathy 	0
magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty 	1
to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins 	0
a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression . 	0
its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . 	0
scenes all end in someone screaming . 	0
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood . 	0
is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often . 	0
gain from watching they 	1
grittily beautiful film 	1
left in the broiling sun for a good three days 	0
... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . 	1
too deep 	0
, the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan . 	1
an opportunity missed . 	0
works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon 	1
war 	0
nearly perfect in their roles 	1
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film . 	1
mindless and boring 	0
this listless feature will win him any new viewers 	0
the light of the exit sign 	0
like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book 	0
a lot more 	1
's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer 	1
's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure 	1
seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	0
of this laughable dialogue 	1
will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels . 	1
the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors 	1
about nothing 	0
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , 	0
touching good sense on the experience of its women 	1
concrete story and definitive answers 	1
as bad at it is cruel 	0
a lovably 	1
a chilling movie 	1
it gets harder and harder to understand her choices 	1
to shock and amaze 	1
, three-dimensional characters 	1
witless 	0
a pointless , meandering celebration 	0
find it uninteresting 	0
hollywood pipeline 	0
the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy 	1
the solid filmmaking 	1
the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . 	0
is a disaster . 	0
squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge ' 	1
, did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 	0
family and community 	1
the film is full of charm . 	1
is interesting 	1
are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance 	1
it 's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . 	1
ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 	0
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , 	0
sharply comic and 	1
wonderfully speculative 	1
slightly flawed 	0
's being conned right up to the finale 	0
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical 	0
the city 's old-world charm 	1
to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing 	0
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants 	0
, ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 	0
befuddled in its characterizations 	0
of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery 	1
vibrantly colored 	1
even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside 	1
veers like a drunken driver 	0
backstage must-see 	1
, because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful 	1
broadcast 	1
where their heads were 	0
and withholds delivery 	0
knockabout 	1
journey into a philosophical void . 	0
margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 	0
coming-of-age portrait 	1
for insomnia 	1
on the deep deceptions of innocence 	1
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie . 	0
's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , 	0
seat 	1
more ways 	1
a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking 	1
big stars and 	1
meandering , low on energy , 	0
degrading and strangely liberating 	1
tends to plod . 	0
is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors 	0
a haunted house , 	0
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history 	1
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . 	1
is so pat it makes your teeth hurt . 	0
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , 	1
wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor 	0
offers rare insight 	1
no , it 's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels 	1
past his prime 	0
it is a hilarious place to visit 	1
has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel 	0
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge 	0
maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make trouble every day any better . 	0
, marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it . 	1
meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws 	1
quirky and funny 	1
having an old friend for dinner ' 	1
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods 	1
good trash 	1
just unlikable 	0
insecure 	0
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart 	1
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera . 	1
each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . 	0
successful on other levels 	1
wonderful acting clinic 	1
ate 	0
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi . 	1
is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb 	0
made-for-tv 	0
the charismatic jackie chan to 	1
all its flaws 	0
reserved but existential 	1
a stab at soccer hooliganism , 	1
life-affirming message 	1
worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops 	0
drain 	0
be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad 	0
, the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature . 	1
you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 	0
freddy gets molested 	0
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will 	1
are side stories aplenty 	1
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . 	0
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river . 	0
has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . 	1
the real triumphs 	1
, it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen . 	1
has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director 	1
spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 	0
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should . 	1
in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen 	1
it 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . 	0
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is . 	0
every joke is repeated at least 	0
makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 	0
is flat . 	0
add up to a biting satire that has no teeth 	0
a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history 	0
as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work 	1
the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying 	0
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated . 	0
is genial and decent 	1
heavy on the atmospheric weirdness 	0
, also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end 	1
overstylized , puréed mélange 	0
has a bigger-name cast 	1
odds with the rest of the film 	0
too amateurish 	0
was utterly charming 	1
commands attention 	1
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference . 	0
a powerful performance 	1
even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient 	0
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting 	0
an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones 	1
is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated 	0
their way around this movie directionless , 	0
, it 's still not a good movie 	0
sounds whiny and defensive 	0
has fun with the quirks of family life 	1
format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 	1
enthusiasm 	1
the story together frustrating difficult 	0
there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all 	1
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	0
slimed in the name of high art 	0
idol 's 	1
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 	0
empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 	0
toss-up 	1
poetry 	1
often lethally dull 	0
full of surprises . 	1
overwhelming sadness 	0
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie 	0
margarita happy hour 	1
the pleasure 	1
too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy 	0
trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 	0
that you want to slap it 	0
his pleas 	0
is disappointingly generic 	0
little grace ( rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity 	1
her best 	1
, stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . 	0
... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone . 	0
be called animation 	1
warm and winning central performance 	1
made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes 	1
to turn his movie in an unexpected direction 	1
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling 	1
his fake backdrops 	0
lacks fellowship 's heart 	0
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . 	1
that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly 	1
relegated 	0
e.t. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet . 	1
comes 	1
of ineptly 	0
find love 	1
builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy 	1
authentic 	1
a mundane '70s disaster flick 	0
matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . 	1
is a total misfire 	0
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 	0
kitchen-sink homage 	0
gets better after foster leaves that little room . 	1
( madonna 's ) denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 	0
that 's where this film should have remained 	0
find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie 	0
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , 	0
, this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . 	0
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie 	1
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances . 	1
's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever 	0
something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message 	0
it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . 	0
describing badness 	0
undeterminable 	0
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . 	0
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , 	0
runteldat is something of a triumph . 	1
, `` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 	1
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . 	0
visually flashy but narratively opaque and 	0
insomnia 	0
arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact . 	1
a shame 	0
even more damning -- 	0
a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches 	1
of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 	1
comic gem 	1
piercingly affecting ... 	1
feels homogenized and a bit contrived 	0
bad alternative music 	0
enough , but nothing new 	0
world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists 	1
remains prominent 	1
as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters 	1
entirely irresistible 	1
, the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 	0
a documentary and more propaganda 	0
as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered 	0
bad imitation 	0
that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then 	1
learning but inventing a remarkable new trick 	1
's always fun to watch 	1
way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film 	0
made it all work 	1
thrilling combination 	1
need a stronger stomach than us 	0
a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills 	0
ennui-hobbled 	0
` praise the lord 	1
the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle 	0
searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say 	1
tired tyco ad 	0
its characters and communicates something 	1
tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 	0
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , 	1
where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks 	0
one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen 	1
rather dull , unimaginative 	0
to serve the work especially well 	1
, multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation 	1
have to put up with 146 minutes of it 	0
that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	1
very sluggish pace 	0
seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah . 	1
feels rigged and sluggish . 	0
gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through 	0
without ever succumbing to sentimentality 	1
fresh and raw 	1
dramatically moving 	1
some genuine quirkiness 	1
proud 	1
argue 	0
if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride . 	0
is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell 	1
deal with the subject of love head-on 	1
from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche 	0
includes too much obvious padding 	0
of low-budget filmmaking 	0
almost as offensive as `` freddy 	0
its unforced comedy-drama 	1
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood . 	1
grade-school audience 	0
do n't see often enough these days 	1
can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor 	1
, godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . 	1
is better than any summer blockbuster 	1
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , 	0
a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it 	0
no solace here , 	0
the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay . 	0
's quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . 	0
anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché 	0
as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . 	1
sharp comedy 	1
sophisticated and surprising 	1
but it does n't leave you with much . 	0
director anne fontaine 	1
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies . 	0
into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances 	1
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ... 	1
very well done 	1
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works 	1
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack . 	0
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . 	1
the ethos of the chelsea hotel 	1
disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 	0
has enough wit 	1
undeniably worthy and devastating 	1
work up much entertainment value 	1
the very hollowness of the character he plays 	0
, robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 	1
'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ... 	1
keep this fresh . 	1
its lackluster gear 	0
rare movie 	1
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , 	0
side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull 	0
( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! 	1
give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed 	0
's invigorating about 	1
a nice , harmless date film 	1
healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition 	1
this often-hilarious farce 	1
as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing 	1
, though goofy and lurid , 	1
gold 	1
crass and insulting 	0
veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic 	0
an intimate contemplation 	1
would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book 	1
yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it . 	1
have loved it 	1
can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 	1
of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity 	0
( the cockettes ) provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . ' 	1
bold biographical fantasia 	1
if you saw benigni 's pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 	0
who possibly will enjoy it 	0
is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten 	1
we are undeniably touched . 	1
, it still seems endless . 	0
laugh their *** off 	1
hanna-barbera charm 	1
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself . 	1
energetic and original 	1
uninspired philosophical 	0
naïveté 	0
poo-poo 	0
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them . 	1
i wanted more . 	0
a just a waste 	0
's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be 	0
consider it ` perfection 	1
waste 	0
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , 	1
mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . 	0
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl - 	1
trying to sneak out of the theater 	0
run-of-the-mill disney sequel 	0
liked it 	1
all its effective moments 	1
macabre and 	0
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , 	0
intelligent people 	1
's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	0
sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic 	0
through contrived plot points 	0
halfway intriguing plot 	1
it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it 	0
gives the lie to many clichés 	0
enjoying 	1
find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish 	1
layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and 	0
from its material that is deliberately unsettling 	0
the stuffiest cinema goers 	0
it an exhilarating 	1
has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series . 	0
dreamlike ecstasy 	1
is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion 	1
humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation 	1
with a modicum of patience 	1
conflict 	0
worst possibilities 	0
it 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert . 	0
indoctrinated prejudice 	0
some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results 	1
loses 	0
of elephant feces 	0
most delightful 	1
does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls 	0
a triumph of imagination 	1
a convincing impersonation 	1
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself 	1
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea . 	1
pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood 	1
the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy 	0
in need of a scented bath 	0
the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché 	0
first great film 	1
a feel movie 	1
it equals the original and in some ways even betters it 	1
of direct-to-video nash 	0
energetic and 	1
unwary 	0
a nice coffee table book 	1
an all-around good time at the movies this summer 	1
to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience 	1
the finish line 	1
it would be easy for critics to shred it 	0
, derrida is all but useless 	0
a satisfying summer blockbuster 	1
cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you 	1
trapped 	0
frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining 	0
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances . 	0
the grandness 	1
flat , misguided comedy . 	0
lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving 	1
funny and 	1
in an art film ! 	1
be careful what you wish for '' 	0
find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective 	1
it 's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history . 	0
is so fine 	1
to care about 	1
be liked sometimes 	1
the funniest american comedy 	1
the con 	0
is an earnest study in despair 	1
the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem 	1
the mark of a documentary that works 	1
but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 	0
flashy twists 	1
a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance 	1
, and irritating 	0
, it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . 	0
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies . 	1
make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 	1
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and 	1
if you love reading and/or poetry 	1
some decent performances 	1
firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon . 	1
ever released by a major film studio . 	1
a sloppy slapstick 	0
offers an interesting bit of speculation 	1
brutally labored and unfunny 	0
a great cast and 	1
will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches 	1
's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair 	0
peace is possible 	1
inquisitive enough 	1
seen 10,000 times 	1
the muck 	0
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing 	1
may prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece . 	1
some people march to the beat of a different drum 	1
want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 	0
're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	0
has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 	1
a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns 	0
drawing wrenching performances 	1
interesting matters of identity and heritage 	1
, having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 	0
focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs 	0
is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye . 	1
the basic flaws 	0
is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling 	1
's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action 	1
the film would be a total washout . 	0
is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression 	1
not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 	1
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before . 	0
is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage 	0
followed through on her defiance of the saccharine 	1
boys ' 	1
its own brilliance 	1
your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts . 	1
, this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times . 	1
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience . 	1
an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love 	1
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and 	0
broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed . 	1
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low . 	0
musical number 	1
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . 	0
the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . 	0
old-fashioned storytelling 	1
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed . 	0
repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness . 	1
it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . 	1
seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do 	1
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada . 	0
an encouraging new direction for la salle 	1
remains vividly in memory 	1
half-baked setups and 	0
lose 	0
this little $ 1.8 million charmer , 	1
dullest kiddie flicks 	0
holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm 	1
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 	1
while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture 	0
to classify as it is hard to resist 	1
its chicken heart 	0
by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 	0
a touching , transcendent love story 	1
languishing on a shelf somewhere 	0
no fantasy story 	1
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory 	1
the artificial structure 	0
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` signs ' 	1
vulgar 	0
never clearly defines his characters or 	0
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering 	0
so devoid 	0
poignant and delicately 	1
ludicrous and 	0
as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast 	1
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through 	0
from cowering poverty to courage and happiness 	1
signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination 	0
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him . 	0
have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame 	0
heart-warming 	1
a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	1
realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	0
explode obnoxiously 	0
is wry and engrossing . 	1
that there 's nothing resembling a spine here 	0
almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises . 	1
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull 	1
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period 	0
to use the word `` new '' in its title 	0
not particularly scary 	0
of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker 	1
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , 	1
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level 	1
's supposed to be a romantic comedy 	0
add anything fresh 	1
has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made 	1
exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 	0
that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed 	1
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter 	0
the dialogue is cumbersome 	0
, romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program . 	0
to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 	0
you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet 	1
sin 	0
steve martin 	1
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game 	0
an enthusiastic charm in fire 	1
like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	0
in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	1
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy 	1
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing 	1
films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	0
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point . 	1
nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is 	1
cheatfully 	0
be a straightforward bio 	1
here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha . 	0
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture . 	1
this surprisingly decent flick 	1
is heartfelt and achingly real 	1
in genre cliches 	0
the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan 	1
the movie tries to make sense of its title character 	0
lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film 	0
does strong , measured work . 	1
jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod . 	1
a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland 	0
a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed 	0
be tried as a war criminal 	0
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and 	1
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , 	1
pastel landscapes 	1
director nancy savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could . 	1
no interesting concept can escape 	0
it would be 	1
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . 	0
flickering reminders of the ties that bind us 	1
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon 	1
has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . 	1
it begins to fade from memory 	0
a sudden lunch rush 	1
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , 	0
a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair 	1
combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise 	1
not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images 	1
repulsive and depressing 	0
lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	0
watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves 	0
intense experience 	1
heedless 	0
little uneven 	0
sealed with a kiss 	1
very ugly 	0
why this project was undertaken 	0
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and 	0
halfhearted 	0
dilutes the pleasure of watching them 	0
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and 	1
can get your money back 	0
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors . 	0
the most entertaining monster movies in ages 	1
and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics 	1
's rare 	1
gets vivid performances from her cast 	1
the preachy 	0
lovingly 	1
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling . 	1
it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers 	1
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock . 	1
confusion and 	0
of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes 	1
the power of this movie 	1
too immature and unappealing to care about 	0
-- she 's pretty and she can act -- 	1
proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes . 	0
nice to see piscopo again after all these years 	1
a quiet , disquieting triumph . 	1
in other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year . 	0
self-discovery 	1
it 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do . 	1
knockoff . 	0
all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore 	0
odd , rapt spell 	0
but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	1
a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise 	1
amazing finesse 	1
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . 	0
smug and convoluted action-comedy that 	0
never fails to entertain 	1
the national lampoon film franchise , 	1
of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up 	0
you liked the previous movies in the series 	1
if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve 	1
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture 	0
is really , really stupid . 	0
underdone 	0
to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it 	0
shallow and dim-witted 	0
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . 	0
the powerful 	1
kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness . 	0
than bad 	0
it is flawed 	0
anyone in his right mind would want to see the it 	1
is one carried by a strong sense of humanism 	1
this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . 	0
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories 	1
a laundry list of minor shortcomings 	0
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature 	1
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up . 	0
lack contrast , 	0
the supernatural trappings only obscure the message 	0
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood . 	0
gently humorous and touching . 	1
the mess that is world traveler 	0
a film of quiet power 	1
compelling character 	1
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi 's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 	1
ironically killer soundtrack 	1
no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy 	0
the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break . 	0
's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title . 	0
an unruly adolescent boy 	1
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band . 	1
does little here 	0
contemplative 	1
doze off thirty minutes into the film 	0
embodies the transformation of his character completely 	1
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . 	0
making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters 	0
in all its strange quirks 	1
the seemingly irreconcilable situation 	0
's a pale imitation 	0
'd want to watch if you only had a week to live 	1
useless movie 	0
... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags . 	1
, we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized . 	0
than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album 	0
a zippy jazzy score 	1
( a ) stale retread of the '53 original 	0
, charming and quirky 	1
it is thought-provoking . 	1
in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 	0
directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . 	0
know the picture is in trouble . 	0
this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion . 	1
a movie that 's held captive by mediocrity . 	0
the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals 	0
damaged-goods 	0
what 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children . 	1
curious about each other against all odds 	1
mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot 	0
lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter 	0
's why sex and lucia is so alluring . 	1
is : ` scooby ' do n't 	0
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through . 	0
obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 	0
ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story 	1
with a pleasing verisimilitude 	1
the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities 	1
achingly human 	1
it 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish . 	0
no one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive . 	0
a sun-drenched masterpiece 	1
an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp 	0
a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni 	0
a provocateur 	1
what ( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film 	1
hard , cold effect 	0
his inspiration 	1
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan 	0
a sea of visual and verbal clichés 	0
the characters seem one-dimensional 	0
of the recent hollywood trip tripe 	0
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed 	1
drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap 	0
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff 	1
wo n't score points for political correctness 	0
does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 	0
to laugh at how bad 	0
enchanting ... 	1
it 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark . 	1
who cares ? 	0
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy . 	0
to do a little fleeing of its own 	0
the heart and soul of cinema 	1
repulsive 	0
, mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . 	0
a straight-to-video movie 	0
is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation 	0
clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up . 	0
charming than in about a boy 	1
like any of these despicable characters 	0
you have left the theater 	0
with her small , intelligent eyes 	1
the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 	1
that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be 	1
fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people 	0
profound humanity 	1
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot . 	1
as tryingly as the title 	0
a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza 	1
if disney 's cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes . 	0
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious . 	0
a rich tale of our times 	1
, imaginative filmmaking 	1
crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama . 	0
blue crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be . 	0
blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew . 	1
an enormously entertaining movie 	1
a surprisingly charming and even witty match 	1
crisp storytelling 	1
rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor 	0
that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy 	1
muted freak-out 	0
earns extra points 	1
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . 	0
particular talents 	1
be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly 	0
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter 	0
rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed 	1
entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch 	0
's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage 	1
is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness 	0
to great artistic significance 	1
little emotional resonance 	0
revelatory and 	1
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains . 	1
surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia 	0
are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile 	1
, pretty and gifted , it really won my heart 	1
lessen the overall impact the movie could have had 	0
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and 	1
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 	0
has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie 	0
, the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script . 	1
go wrong 	0
while the story 's undeniably hard to follow , iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce . 	1
wanted to leave 	0
the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . 	0
's flawed and brilliant 	1
that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun 	1
argentinian thriller 	1
almost peerlessly unsettling . 	0
to some truly excellent sequences 	1
does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up 	1
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . ' 	0
in its own simplicity 	1
satisfies 	1
it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before 	0
no 	0
captivatingly 	1
is adequate 	1
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously . 	1
is a lumbering , wheezy drag 	0
glossy hollywood 	0
a strong first act and 	1
's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin 	1
often achieves a level of connection and concern 	1
you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie 	0
a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community . 	1
very well-meaning movie , 	1
colorful and controversial 	1
corny conventions 	0
attack 	0
australian filmmaker david flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them . 	1
well-intentioned effort 	1
were that grand a failure 	0
clueless does south fork 	0
glib but 	0
far more demanding than it needs to be 	0
two not very absorbing characters 	0
a fifty car pileup 	0
the lack 	0
american musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . 	1
to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn 	1
the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice 	1
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less 	0
a gorgeously strange movie , 	1
left off the film 's predictable denouement 	0
been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around 	1
motivated by nothing 	0
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , 	0
blow it off the screen 	0
's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 	0
as pedestrian as they come . 	0
the climactic burst of violence 	0
want my money back 	0
let this morph into a typical romantic triangle 	0
moldering pile 	0
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 	1
that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside 	1
a long shot 	0
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence . 	1
very least 	0
gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 	1
the worst movies of one year 	0
not a strike against yang 's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? 	0
admit that i am baffled by jason x. 	0
to lowly studio hack 	0
interesting social 	1
which has a handful of smart jokes 	1
is more than merely a holocaust movie 	1
dense , exhilarating documentary 	1
the script , which has a handful of smart jokes 	1
great equalizer 	1
abandoned their slim hopes and dreams 	0
humorous and tender 	1
snide and prejudice . 	0
is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller 	1
a compelling 	1
he refuses to evaluate his own work 	0
be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness 	1
while huppert ... is magnificent 	1
in place for a great film noir 	1
robust and scary 	1
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year 	1
there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller 	1
's plenty to offend everyone ... 	0
from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- 	0
it 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 	0
that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages 	1
smart , funny , subtle , and resonant 	1
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 	0
is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 	0
a positively thrilling combination 	1
's why sex and lucia is so alluring 	1
only a genius 	0
flamboyant female comics 	1
makes the movie special 	1
drama , suspense , revenge , and romance 	1
makes absolutely no sense 	0
strolls 	1
upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 	1
it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction 	0
is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull 	0
manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal 	1
become smug or sanctimonious 	0
i do n't mean that in a good way 	0
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there 's something about mary co-writer ed decter . 	0
makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while . 	1
his excellent cast 	1
is more in love with strangeness than excellence 	0
phoney-feeling sentiment 	0
on cotton candy 	1
is extraordinarily good . 	1
stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 	0
she 's a pretty woman 	1
lyne 's stolid remake 	1
little wit and no surprises 	0
as temptingly easy 	1
whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance 	0
is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous 	0
jagger , stoppard and 	1
adult movies 	0
make a gorgeous pair 	1
paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . 	1
spooky new thriller 	1
whether you can tolerate leon barlow 	0
christian-themed fun 	1
effortless 	1
obvious cliches 	0
a light-hearted way 	1
use of his particular talents . 	1
its epic scope 	1
outshined 	0
the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 	1
zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a 	0
not great 	0
terrific 	1
lightweight meaning 	0
hits all the verbal marks it should . 	1
the light comedic work 	1
share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 	1
on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams 	0
as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line 	0
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre 	1
by writer-director kurt wimmer 	1
, but also more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 	0
what you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height . 	0
takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals 	1
, there 's much to recommend the film . 	1
a prostitute 	0
which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach 	0
it 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that . 	0
be more genial than ingenious 	0
to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock 	0
slimed 	0
is too loud and thoroughly overbearing 	0
between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked 	1
makes no difference in the least 	0
the bad reviews 	0
gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness 	1
smug self-satisfaction 	0
will worm its way there 	1
accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . 	1
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist . 	1
shrewdly 	1
such subtlety and warmth 	1
plain , unimaginative 	0
anemic 	0
that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' 	0
disney 's cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes 	1
a stunning film 	1
well-structured film 	1
a horrible , 99-minute 	0
as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy 	1
nothing happens , 	0
shapeless and uninflected 	0
martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere 	0
sadistic 	0
sometimes a chuckle 	1
found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent 	0
seagal ran out of movies years ago 	0
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten 	0
cram earplugs 	0
chatty fish 	0
feel like mopping up , 	0
stalls 	0
manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema 	1
crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy 	1
welcome and heartwarming 	1
energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage 	1
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime 	0
the upper echelons 	1
remains a perfect wildean actor 	1
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options 	1
i mind ugly 	0
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and 	1
low-rent retread 	0
somewhat tired 	0
enough sweet and 	1
crude and unrelentingly exploitative 	0
starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true 	1
... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here . 	0
it 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit . 	0
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and 	0
leaves a lot to be desired 	0
'll cheer . 	1
claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem . 	0
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens . 	0
stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie . 	1
candid 	1
the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun 	1
memorable performances 	1
are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary 	0
ugly , irritating 	0
was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention 	0
enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode 	0
's sweet . 	1
it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) . 	0
fluffy 	1
in venice 	1
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience 	1
it 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . 	0
surprisingly insightful 	1
will keep them awake 	1
does not make for much of a movie 	0
in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience 	0
a potentially sudsy set-up 	0
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation 	1
of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest 	0
is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . 	0
, resonant gem 	1
an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music 	0
for its rather slow beginning 	0
to suspense thriller 	1
the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 	1
harrowing and uplifting 	1
the humor dwindles . 	0
hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated 	1
fluffy and disposible . 	0
something of the ultimate scorsese film 	1
of the guru who helped 	1
birot 's 	0
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history 	0
is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , despite a few whopping shootouts . 	0
offbeat humor , amusing characters , 	1
to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence 	0
extremely flat 	0
most original american productions 	1
quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 	1
make you think about existential suffering 	1
directing with a sure and measured hand 	1
left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity 	0
sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama 	1
, unlikable characters 	0
a seriously bad film with seriously 	0
the screen -- loud , violent and mindless 	0
just as rewarding 	1
treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody . 	1
remind one of a really solid woody allen film 	1
first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	1
but believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen . 	1
this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work 	0
fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time 	0
in the end , there is n't much to it . 	0
all awkward , static 	0
's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself . 	0
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine . 	0
does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events 	0
it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds 	1
the gift of tears 	1
a bad name 	0
as wonderful on the big screen 	1
this emotional car-wreck 	0
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable 	1
on ugly digital video 	0
high-concept scenario 	1
that it 's hard not to be carried away 	1
could n't come up with a better script . 	0
argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door 	0
with a fresh point of view 	1
slow , predictable and not very amusing 	0
's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever . 	0
juvenile camera movements 	0
of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape 	0
remake sleepless in seattle again and again 	0
that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about 	0
virtually no understanding 	0
, actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable . 	1
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , 	0
all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy 	1
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling . 	0
dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 	0
of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 	1
with `` ichi the killer '' , takashi miike , japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman ... 	0
final act 	1
girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls 	0
acceptable 	1
imaginatively mixed cast 	1
diverting and modest 	1
are mean giggles and pulchritude . 	0
is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style 	0
virtuoso 	1
the obvious cliches 	0
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books . 	0
burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 	0
the drama that gives added clout to this doc 	1
vile enough 	0
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve 	1
separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd 	1
is bright and flashy in all the right ways . 	1
this nervy oddity , like modern art 	1
clever and unexpected 	1
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food . 	1
should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting . 	1
technically proficient 	1
even worse than its title 	0
there 's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin . 	1
this uncharismatically 	0
stronger 	1
's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . 	0
impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant 	0
is n't talking a talk that appeals to me 	0
carlos 	1
put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 	0
surprisingly brilliant 	1
a funny little film 	1
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and 	1
certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . 	0
the direction is intelligently accomplished 	1
disney 's 1937 breakthrough 	1
titillating material 	1
can handle 	1
's so striking about jolie 's performance 	1
peppered with false starts 	0
michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something 	0
a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy 	0
paul bettany is cool . 	1
shamelessly manipulative 	0
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline 	0
a cool event 	1
, pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 	0
the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material . 	0
an inspiring tale 	1
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , 	0
a preposterous , prurient whodunit 	0
energetic , extreme-sports adventure 	1
the best rock 	1
backed by sheer nerve 	1
's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after 	0
avoiding eye contact and 	0
too fast 	0
richly resonant work 	1
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake 	1
much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance 	0
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious . 	1
his dead mother 	0
-- that the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen . 	0
is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal 	1
to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script 	0
is unusual but unfortunately also irritating . 	0
almost impossible 	0
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision 	0
unconcerned 	0
unstinting 	0
there 's nothing exactly wrong here 	1
in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 	0
the unbearable lightness of being 	1
believable mother/daughter pair 	1
charisma 	1
witty feature 	1
it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre 	1
who , exactly , is fighting whom here 	0
smart 	1
there 's no real sense of suspense , and 	0
threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans 	0
thumbs down 	0
a mimetic approximation of better films 	0
successfully blended satire , 	1
the tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' 	0
spectacle and pacing 	1
this engaging mix of love and bloodletting 	1
psychologically unpersuasive 	0
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing . 	1
, he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 	1
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 	1
targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic . 	0
the surprise ending 	1
filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran 	1
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous 	0
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst . 	1
with a tawdry b-movie scum 	0
smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band . 	1
a really good premise 	1
whirlwind 	1
full of sex , drugs and rock 	1
`` sorority boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad . 	0
artistic significance 	1
a crass and insulting homage 	0
's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films 	0
is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 	1
sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment . 	0
of a predictable outcome and a screenplay 	0
like reading a research paper 	1
actually pulling it off 	1
proud warrior 	1
's crafty , energetic and smart 	1
groaners 	0
one senses 	1
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab 	0
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful 	1
is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold . 	0
of her life with the imagery in her paintings 	1
sad sack 	0
recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters 	1
daft by half ... but 	1
its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity 	1
for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . 	1
preciousness 	1
is also a work of deft and subtle poetry 	1
plotless collection of moronic stunts 	0
plain old blarney 	0
has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 	1
one of the best looking and stylish 	1
important , original talent 	1
to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking 	1
the cast is top-notch and 	1
give what may be the performances of their careers . 	1
a comedic moment 	1
cruelty and suffering 	0
old-fashioned , occasionally charming and 	1
she can act 	1
gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks 	0
without overdoing it 	1
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . 	0
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed . 	0
well-made but mush-hearted . 	1
that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention 	0
of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade 	1
lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories 	1
inventive screenplay 	1
of human frailty fascinates 	1
gets under our skin and 	1
is not as well-conceived as either of those films 	0
returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s 	1
a huge amount of the credit for the film 	1
during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action 	1
good man 	1
linking a halfwit plot 	0
it is that it does n't give a damn . 	0
an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and 	0
the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away survives intact in bv 's re-voiced version . 	1
sub-formulaic slap 	0
the group 's playful spark of nonconformity 	1
of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 	1
out-sized 	0
manner and flamboyant style 	1
also rocks . 	1
is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation . 	1
fits the bill 	1
waste their time on it 	0
an easy film 	1
inventive moments 	1
is a bomb 	0
an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle 	1
one of the most unpleasant things the studio 	0
engaging and unpredictable character pieces 	1
of the theater feeling 	1
rather bland 	0
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys . 	1
hip ' 	1
the darkest variety 	0
the butt of its own joke 	0
chronically mixed signals 	0
most sincere 	1
fascinating 	1
, you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 	1
broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil 	1
a terrific look 	1
sword-and-sorcery plot 	1
in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 	0
that the movie has no idea of it is serious 	0
the best silly horror movies 	1
its flaws 	0
watching this waste of time 	0
without being shrill 	1
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and 	1
disappointingly generic 	0
well enough 	1
aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) 	1
the film is insightful about kissinger 's background and history . 	1
, lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , 	0
needed so badly but what is virtually absent 	0
is merely a charmless witch 	0
's too harsh 	0
so , i trust 	1
flashes of mordant humor 	1
long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time 	0
swallow its absurdities and crudities 	0
wild ride 	1
a literary detective story is still a detective story 	0
did n't laugh . 	0
cowardly 	0
like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 	0
redeemed by its stars 	1
noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill 	1
the best films 	1
the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . 	1
achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding 	1
captures the complicated relationships in a marching band 	1
has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy 	1
impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats 	1
give credit to affleck 	1
poor fit 	0
can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 	0
a wonderful thing 	1
strong and convincing performances 	1
of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor 	1
grenade 	0
disgusting source material 	0
parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 	0
that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating 	0
, numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before . 	0
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 	1
rendered in as flat 	0
kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design 	1
more good than great 	1
gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' 	1
corny 	0
jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company . 	0
a dream is a wish your heart makes 	1
, you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals . 	1
those visual in-jokes 	1
's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 	0
has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity . 	0
missing from it 	0
muddy psychological thriller 	0
you forget you 've been to the movies . 	1
then ends with a whimper 	0
in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth 	1
held my interest 	1
a jaunt down memory lane for teens 	1
stretched out to feature length 	0
its source 's complexity 	1
dazzling conceptual feat 	1
ideological 	1
more accomplished 	1
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and 	1
twice removed 	1
dark comedy 	1
trapped at a bad rock concert 	0
excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries 	1
smart , nuanced look 	1
with a hack script 	0
tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing 	0
nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy 	1
to pull his head out of his butt 	0
a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer 	0
the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast 	0
the most moronic screenplays of the year , 	0
informative and breathtakingly spectacular 	1
the movie stirs us as well . 	1
spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative 	1
dominant 	1
this emotional misery 	0
horizons 	1
has a compelling story to tell 	1
the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . 	1
ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . 	1
's an entertaining and informative documentary . 	1
so spot on 	1
has rewards , 	1
of artificial suspense 	0
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside 	1
will warm your heart 	1
( a ) strong piece of work . 	1
the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 	1
from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances 	0
to describe how bad it is 	0
valentine 	1
arty and 	1
cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon 	0
best-sustained 	1
so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second 	1
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that 	1
deadeningly drawn-out 	0
you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 	0
the adrenaline jolt 	1
manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 	1
does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 	0
the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	1
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... there is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' 	1
socially encompassing 	1
makes martha enormously endearing 	1
farewell-to-innocence movies 	0
brosnan 's finest non-bondish performance 	1
is trash 	0
legendary actor michel serrault 	1
falls apart like a cheap lawn chair 	0
a script that assumes you are n't very bright 	0
feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 	0
a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 	1
fills me with revulsion 	0
's a masterpiece 	1
the film is never dull 	1
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other 	1
calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side 	1
alternately hilarious and sad 	1
stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue 	0
tart 	1
the action and special effects 	1
abandon the theater 	0
you love the music , and 	1
that is wickedly fun to watch 	1
skeeved out that they 'd need a shower 	0
sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling 	1
worst titles 	0
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition 	0
crudely literal 	0
revolting 	0
the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon 	1
very moving and revelatory 	1
it 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long . 	0
perfectly pitched 	1
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters 	1
smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling . 	0
heady jumble 	0
unfolds with grace and humor and gradually 	1
holds you 	1
this is a movie full of grace and 	1
a spark of new inspiration in it , 	1
dark little morality tale 	1
into feel-good territory 	1
unfunny comedy 	0
tell the best story 	1
bland 	0
a playful iranian parable 	1
i have returned from the beyond to warn you : 	0
a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight 	0
a worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits 	1
the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . 	1
you wo n't be able to look away for a second 	1
merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew 	1
effecting change and inspiring hope 	1
a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey 	1
amuse or entertain 	1
may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces 	0
because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope 	1
in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off 	0
is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 	1
the best of the swashbucklers 	1
touches the heart 	1
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden 	0
it 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects . 	1
soulful development 	1
true and 	1
of splendid performances 	1
a heart , mind or humor of its own 	1
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless 	0
for nice evening out 	1
great piece 	1
, i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 . 	1
its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference 	0
is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest 	0
an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees 	1
the murk of its own making 	0
mobius strip 	0
most devastating 	0
takes your breath 	1
done his homework 	1
a ` direct-to-video ' release 	0
catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 	0
from bland actors 	0
the book 's irreverent energy , 	1
the movie is in a class by itself 	1
updating works surprisingly well 	1
spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . 	1
, mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . 	1
an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd 	1
a bad premise 	0
intellect and feeling 	1
preferable 	1
third act miscalculation 	0
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close . 	0
a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall 	1
redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs 	0
no charm 	0
clumsily manufactured exploitation flick 	0
insufferably naive 	0
looks and feels tired . 	0
one only a true believer could relish 	1
on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 	1
if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine 	0
in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 	0
( `` take care of my cat '' ) is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals . 	1
a compelling argument about death 	1
every bad action-movie line 	0
if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining 	1
scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot 	0
something appears to have been lost in the translation this time 	0
suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 	0
to produce another smash 	1
spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 	1
an inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist 	1
pure craft and 	1
a mature and frank fashion 	1
the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	1
symbolic graphic design 	1
the superior plotline 	1
funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre 	1
ridiculous and money-oriented 	0
more and more frustrating 	0
realistically terrifying movie 	1
surprised at how much we care about the story 	1
abysmally pathetic 	0
invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god 	0
relatively nothing happens 	0
his penchant 	1
tough beauty 	1
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans 	0
faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . 	0
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and 	1
enjoyed barbershop 	1
spot-on 	1
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people . 	1
've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots 	1
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality 	1
things really get weird , though not particularly scary 	0
informative , intriguing , observant 	1
as the original 	1
endless assault 	0
historical event 	1
a wild ride that relies on more than special effects 	1
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball 	1
quietly engaging . 	1
it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 	1
perfectly serviceable and 	1
which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing 	1
has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism . 	1
a warmth 	1
no . 	0
bottom-rung new jack city 	0
indignation 	0
standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added . 	0
transforms this story about love and culture 	1
this little-known story of native americans and 	1
argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect 	1
seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain . 	0
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up 	0
impressed with its own solemn insights 	1
jagged , 	0
intelligent humor 	1
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory 	1
decent popcorn adventure 	1
such a big job 	1
to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	0
loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 	0
excruciatingly 	0
standing by yourself is haunting ... ( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction . 	1
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , 	1
we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing 	1
in its attempts 	1
stylistic 	1
was so endlessly 	0
's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium 	0
unpredictable comedy 	1
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- 	1
after the most awful acts are committed 	0
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . 	1
needlessly 	0
besson 's high-profile name 	1
the boho art-house crowd 	1
a coherent rhythm 	1
that falls far short 	0
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten . 	0
chases for an hour and then 	1
sophisticated 	1
's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ... 	0
pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish . 	1
delight your senses 	1
aimlessly and unsuccessfully 	0
thoughtful war films 	1
suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness 	0
all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 	0
a scrooge or two 	0
sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss 	0
any after-school special you can imagine 	1
mess . 	0
has made a decent ` intro ' documentary 	1
a solid base 	1
his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , 	1
bottom-feeder sequel 	0
beautifully 	1
- west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . 	1
more complex and honest 	1
nor terribly funny 	0
aged 	0
definitive , if disingenuous , 	0
infantile , redundant , sloppy 	0
rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects . 	0
uncomfortably timely , relevant , and 	1
a smile on your face and 	1
to see it twice 	1
in the mind of the killer 	1
he needs to pull his head out of his butt 	0
light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout 	1
loud , silly , stupid and pointless 	0
feel good about themselves 	1
watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost 	1
that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener 	0
together ( time out and human resources ) establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace 	1
's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions 	0
lack depth or complexity 	0
that resident evil is not it 	0
, not scarier 	0
it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts . 	0
sequences boring . 	0
thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances 	1
finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore . 	0
warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy . 	1
it actually makes the heart soar 	1
ourside the theater roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with . 	1
absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound 	1
gets full mileage out 	1
enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen 	0
laugh-out-loud lunacy 	1
who makes martha enormously endearing 	1
's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways 	1
, lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 	0
is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema 	1
think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british 	0
an affection for the period 	1
the feel of a fanciful motion picture 	1
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better . 	0
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring 	0
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge . 	0
make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold 	1
neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest 	0
singing , and unforgettable characters 	1
a better short story 	1
a wild ride 	1
gorgeously atmospheric meditation 	1
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , 	0
writing , skewed characters 	0
burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue 	1
a kick out of goofy brits 	1
that is warm , inviting , and surprising 	1
bad things 	0
it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 	0
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve 	1
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away 	1
anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 	0
nemesis 	0
will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding 	0
overly old-fashioned 	0
it 's quite fun in places . 	1
great actors 	1
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama 	0
many ways the perfect festival film 	1
does n't really believe in it 	0
raise audience 's spirits and 	1
generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling 	1
once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . 	0
learn a good deal 	1
more than a tepid exercise in 	0
most poorly staged 	0
will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids . 	1
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man 	1
done , so primitive in technique , 	0
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . 	0
proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool . 	0
intelligent movie 	1
wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 	0
's plenty to impress about e.t. 	1
of the best special effects 	1
he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car 	1
colors the picture in some evocative shades . 	1
, you 'll still be glued to the screen . 	1
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , 	1
to cram too many ingredients into one small pot 	0
and for all the wrong reasons besides . 	0
crime expertly 	0
dream 	1
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . 	1
wretched movie 	0
it is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph . 	1
marred beyond redemption 	0
its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 	0
sensual 	1
enjoy this 	1
the perfect starting point 	1
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but 	0
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places 	0
ice age wo n't drop your jaw 	0
steamy 	1
( carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark 	0
idealism american 	1
can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	0
phenomenal 	1
black-and-white and unrealistic . 	0
a clever script 	1
in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo 	1
this is n't a movie 	0
works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun . 	1
, profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen . 	0
carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract 	0
it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message 	1
there 's already been too many of these films ... 	0
american action-adventure buffs 	1
succeeds 	1
is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships 	0
one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before . 	0
hard , endearing , caring , 	1
the pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners . 	0
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats 	1
the best star trek movie 	1
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified 	1
, uneventful 	0
it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) 	0
remember it . 	1
the performances of their careers 	1
's a talking head documentary , but a great one 	1
, the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 	0
leaden script 	0
that the film never feels derivative 	1
toward maximum comfort and familiarity 	1
wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours 	1
average kid-empowerment fantasy 	1
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf . 	1
are an absolute joy . 	1
he provides a strong itch to explore more . 	1
makes it to the boiling point 	1
that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend . 	1
so stilted and unconvincing 	0
wonderful , ghastly film 	1
of the highest and the performances 	1
can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain . 	0
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point 	1
little more than punishment 	0
he does best 	1
great to look at 	1
the absence of narrative continuity 	0
a moving tale of love and destruction 	1
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe . 	1
sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 	0
's more enjoyable than i expected , 	1
, dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot 	1
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had . 	0
slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth 	0
an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling 	1
, i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey . 	1
reel in when we should be playing out 	0
seem appealing 	1
beautifully shot 	1
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere . 	0
of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels 	0
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie 	0
strange it is , but delightfully so . 	1
has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 	0
serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting 	0
pleasant but not 	1
who handily makes the move from pleasing 	1
torments and angst 	0
works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet 	1
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , 	0
saccharine genre 	0
high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time 	0
the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . 	0
genuinely 	1
-- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- 	1
does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard . 	1
a strangely 	0
abundant humanism 	1
is the heart and soul of cinema 	1
to seek and strike just the right tone 	1
it 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room . 	1
poorly structured 	0
`` spider-man '' certainly 	1
what 's so striking about jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair . 	1
sounds promising 	1
then again , i hate myself most mornings . 	0
a slice of counterculture 	1
unrelentingly grim 	0
signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema . 	1
such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise 	0
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation . 	1
also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives 	1
has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book . 	1
feast 	1
cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock 	1
glorious spectacle 	1
picked me up , swung me around 	1
the off-center humor is a constant 	1
staged violence overshadows everything , 	0
remarkable serenity and discipline 	1
the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or 	0
attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe 	0
started with a great premise 	1
reaches across time and distance 	1
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending 	1
if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes 	0
has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them 	1
will not be for much longer 	0
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance 	1
the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre 	1
kind 	1
is a towering siren . 	1
the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and 	0
gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust 	0
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . 	0
, like max rothman 's future , does not work . 	0
it all the more compelling 	1
bouncy score 	1
cheery and 	1
want to smash its face in 	0
for that sense of openness , the little surprises 	1
the human story is pushed to one side 	0
highly uneven and 	0
kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again . 	1
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing 	1
of drooling idiots 	0
poorly executed comedy . 	0
really bad blair witch project 	0
leaves him shooting blanks 	0
barely shocking , barely interesting and most 	0
formidable 	1
a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy 	1
the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	0
it 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch . 	0
that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	0
realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject 	1
is solid 	1
particularly well made 	1
by a master 	1
of deja vu 	0
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 	1
hollow , self-indulgent , and 	0
, not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , 	0
a great cast and 	1
richly entertaining and suggestive 	1
drawing flavorful performances 	1
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen . 	1
to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	0
to an imitation movie 	1
deeply satisfying 	1
that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	0
yawning 	0
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism . 	0
a terrible movie 	0
rewarded 	1
witch project real-time roots 	1
hollow mockumentary 	0
self-mocking , 	0
a very ambitious project 	1
devastated by war , famine and poverty and 	0
nice piece 	1
the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise 	1
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years . 	1
is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 	0
an achingly enthralling premise , 	1
susceptible to blue hilarity , 	1
beautiful than either of those films 	1
in the service of the lovers who inhabit it 	1
do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't 	0
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , 	1
but strangely believable 	1
are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition 	1
of its execution and skill of its cast 	1
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera 	1
best war movies 	1
fan 	1
my problem with the movie 's final half hour 	0
hitting your head 	0
fierce 	1
toothless dog 	0
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three . 	0
a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome 	0
gorgeous to look at 	1
is both contrived and cliched 	0
maximum comfort and familiarity 	1
endlessly superficial . 	0
an uncomfortable experience , but 	0
plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder 	0
worst film 	0
having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything 	1
but the second half of the movie really goes downhill . 	0
especially well-executed 	1
k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low . 	0
absorbing 	1
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . 	1
thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments 	1
but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half 	0
it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about . 	0
ludicrous film 	0
kicking undead *** 	0
, vibrant introduction 	1
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable 	1
bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ... 	1
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors . 	1
chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns 	1
on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work 	1
highest production values 	1
horse feathers 	0
a game supporting cast 	1
though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . 	1
of a culture in conflict 	0
inexcusable 	0
despite its promising cast of characters 	0
any way demeaning its subjects 	0
to losing my lunch 	0
clumsily 	0
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive . 	1
that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen 	1
that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches 	1
slippery self-promoter 	0
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions . 	1
greatest play 	1
s&m 	1
a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout 	1
swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit . 	0
plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film 	0
left me behind 	0
decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set 	0
, mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks . 	0
as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 	1
can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost . 	1
a really special walk 	1
tends to do a little fleeing of its own . 	0
nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances . 	1
pretty good team 	1
a clear-eyed portrait 	1
, k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low . 	0
sexy 	1
the grandkids or the grandparents 	1
do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this 	0
most deceptively amusing 	1
taken seriously 	1
largely improvised 	0
zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film . 	0
film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure . 	1
, that 's a liability . 	0
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously 	1
the chocolate factory without charlie . 	0
most romantic 	1
we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies . 	1
promise 	1
hilarious adventure 	1
keeps this pretty watchable 	1
the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean 	1
he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie 	1
chokes 	0
if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest . 	1
rehashes several old themes 	0
stuffy and pretentious 	0
slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot 	0
overplayed and exaggerated 	0
is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow 	1
to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	0
dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	0
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals 	1
more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with 	1
more experimental 	1
even betters it 	1
well-written and occasionally challenging 	1
's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) 	0
a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games 	0
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning 	1
new zealand coming-of-age movie 	1
the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 	1
fare , with enough 	1
what ?!? 	0
... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ... 	1
with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes 	1
directed but terminally cute drama . 	1
superbly 	1
's betting her third feature will be something to behold 	1
eccentric and good-naturedly 	1
is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once . 	0
so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles 	1
a fairly revealing study 	1
and crudely literal 	0
continues . 	1
sounding 	1
a striking style 	1
over and over again . 	0
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve 	1
hormonal melodrama 	0
it looks good , but it is essentially empty 	0
entirely persuasive 	1
makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness 	1
in praise of love 	1
one very funny joke and a few other decent ones 	1
surrounded by open windows 	1
grace this deeply touching melodrama . 	1
of the best inside-show-biz 	1
an important director 	1
juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre 	0
earned my indignant , preemptive departure 	0
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously 	1
more smarts 	1
becomes claustrophobic 	0
rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing 	0
intelligent romantic thriller 	1
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . 	1
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and 	1
, about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . 	1
very shapable but largely unfulfilling present 	0
prejudice 	0
one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time 	0
seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart 	1
do no wrong with jason x. 	1
great script 	1
is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting . 	1
has its heart 	1
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . 	1
she 's pretty 	1
and social commentary 	0
bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film . 	1
the spirits of these young women 	1
debilitating 	0
dumb fart jokes 	0
eloquence 	1
the gutless direction by laurice guillen 	0
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing 	1
much funnier film 	1
will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone 	0
escape 	1
to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe 	0
friendship , love 	1
dazzle 	1
: the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . 	1
the film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition . 	1
work of extraordinary journalism 	1
sad nonsense , this . 	0
the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor 	1
present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	1
i loved on first sight and , even more important , 	1
that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing 	1
shimmers with it 	1
the cheesiest 	0
in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor 	1
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but 	0
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy . 	1
an affectionately goofy satire 	1
indoors in formal settings with motionless characters 	0
's pauly shore awful 	0
matches about it . 	1
is sadly heightened by current world events 	1
a major-league leading lady 	1
a taut , sobering film . 	1
fits into a classic genre 	1
corpse 	0
's as good as you remember . 	1
goes on and on to the point of nausea . 	0
bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid 	0
unbalanced 	0
message resonate 	1
that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling 	1
population 	1
more disciplined grade-grubbers 	0
seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves 	0
too textbook to intrigue 	0
unforced naturalism 	1
appear avant-garde 	1
at least a few good ideas 	1
technically proficient and without the pop-up comments 	1
completely lacking in chills 	0
's still a rollicking good time for the most part 	1
splendid meal 	1
is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost 	0
, mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well . 	1
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait 	1
in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted 	0
solid , spooky 	1
does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . 	0
that its visual imagination is breathtaking 	1
insightful writer/director 	1
is definitely worth 	1
provided his own broadside 	0
sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry 	0
herzog simply runs out of ideas and 	0
raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . 	1
's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream 	0
it 's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect . 	1
dark , funny humor 	1
flat-out amusing 	1
, sweet ` evelyn 	1
thoughtless 	0
well-balanced fashion 	1
to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded 	1
this in the right frame of mind 	1
is well-crafted 	1
great film 	1
plays like a bad soap opera 	0
an exhilarating new interpretation 	1
fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs 	0
this film biggest problem 	0
shame on writer/director vicente aranda 	0
spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) 	1
, circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . 	0
definitive 	1
here lacks considerable brio . 	0
sometimes endearing 	1
its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh 	1
achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself 	1
restrictive 	0
spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 	0
is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was . 	0
magic and is enjoyable family fare 	1
are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours 	0
all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time 	1
cheap hysterics 	0
with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling 	0
numb 	0
narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute 	0
tries its best 	1
to tiresome jargon 	0
read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema . 	1
avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type 	1
of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life 	1
the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie 	1
will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus . 	1
want to slap it 	0
a well loved classic 	1
when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons 	0
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , 	0
a bit anachronistic 	0
fair amount 	1
effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese 	1
george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years . 	1
regard 	1
ridiculous 	0
is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses 	0
it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started 	1
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas 	0
half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget 	0
vintage looney tunes 	1
's refreshing to see a romance this smart 	1
unexpected heights 	1
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife . 	1
us plenty of sturm 	1
comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile 	1
prevents 	0
unoriginal terms 	0
from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew 	1
to its ultimate demise 	0
forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking 	1
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller 	1
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin . 	1
of the family vacation 	1
a thoughtful examination 	1
than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama 	0
art house pretension . 	0
leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless 	0
while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii . 	1
will linger long after this film has ended 	1
, knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . 	0
an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 	1
you would n't want to live waydowntown 	0
awful movie 	0
however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . 	1
she 's appealingly manic and energetic . 	1
a geriatric 	0
tear-drenched quicksand 	0
wonderful 	1
the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , 	0
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and 	0
, it gets to you . 	1
clueless 	0
is well worthwhile 	1
even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow . 	0
is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful 	1
of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 	0
're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining 	1
ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin . 	0
limited chemistry 	0
attractive and 	1
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah . 	0
serene 	1
sheerly beautiful 	1
; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 	0
feel contradictory things 	0
is nothing to sneeze at these days 	1
deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese 	1
aimlessly and 	0
study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture 	1
a charming , banter-filled comedy 	1
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching . 	1
a buoyant , expressive flow of images 	1
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart . 	0
was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout 	0
much better mother-daughter tale 	1
, but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel 	0
that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it 	0
above-average 	1
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli 	1
makes the clothes 	1
, the movie makes two hours feel like four . 	0
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat 	1
's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it 	0
the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t. 	1
rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday 	1
is a masterpiece . 	1
formulaic and stilted 	0
a true believer 	1
's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such 	0
viva le 	1
the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it . 	1
might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares 	0
in a way that verges on the amateurish 	0
a straightforward , emotionally honest manner 	1
geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity 	1
stare and sniffle 	0
saving 	1
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs 	0
is worth seeking 	1
it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 	0
so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways 	0
diverges from anything 	1
andrei 	1
their parents ' anguish 	0
the superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other . 	0
i 'm not even a fan of the genre 	0
who understands how to create and sustain a mood 	1
ararat feels like a book report 	0
gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand 	0
limited 	0
the film oozes craft . 	1
notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness 	1
when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 	1
it 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . 	1
of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past 	1
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed 	1
of ` eh 	1
despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . 	0
its crapulence 	0
has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 	1
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight . 	1
a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 	0
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing 	1
fresh territory 	1
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and 	0
strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain 	1
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here . 	1
a new scene 	1
appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	0
trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish 	0
'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept 	1
engaging and 	1
yarns ever 	1
without being insightful 	0
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot 	0
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play . 	1
'll probably love it . 	1
discloses almost nothing 	0
weird and wonderful comedy 	1
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and 	1
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits 	0
the film special 	1
winning tone 	1
take pleasure 	1
blah characters 	0
what 's worse 	0
we 've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . 	1
love liza 	1
gender-provoking 	1
this pathetic junk 	0
releasing 	1
the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things 	1
acted , emotionally devastating piece 	1
offend 	0
is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal 	1
` punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . ' 	0
strong themes 	1
celluloid heaven 	1
of all the halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing . 	0
disingenuous 	0
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 	0
to admit i walked out of runteldat 	0
, deceit and murder 	0
well-crafted 	1
what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 	1
endearing . 	1
a film that loses sight of its own story . 	0
significantly different ( and better ) than most films 	1
to creep the living hell out of you 	0
offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 	1
'' never cuts corners . 	1
fool 	0
's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable 	0
so vivid 	1
life and small delights 	1
you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy 	1
even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 	1
you to give it a millisecond of thought 	1
vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop . 	1
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 	0
i have a new favorite musical 	1
flopping 	0
minor classic 	1
you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 	1
, remains surprisingly idealistic 	1
the best animated 	1
that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system 	1
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance 	1
presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? 	1
another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled 	0
have been much better 	1
of his rental car 	1
is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within 	1
just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy 	0
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics 	0
crass , then gasp for gas , 	0
taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving 	1
( allen 's ) best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be . 	1
cutting and blurry 	0
begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully . 	1
semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act 	1
through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel 	0
have to see this ! 	1
a director enjoying himself immensely 	1
doubt the filmmakers ' motives 	0
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 	1
can not overcome blah characters 	0
wrapped up in the characters 	1
the depths 	1
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world 	1
horrible '' and `` terrible 	0
appetizer that leaves you wanting more . 	1
elevates the experience 	1
the intelligent , well-made b movie 	1
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted 	1
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' . 	1
deflated as he does 	0
through all too painfully 	0
a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence 	1
most of the work 	1
as deflated as he does 	0
soap opera that tornatore was right to cut 	0
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade . 	1
effort to understand everyone 's point of view 	1
shorter than britney 's cutoffs 	0
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy 	0
make the most of the large-screen format 	1
of a film that are still looking for a common through-line 	0
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies 	1
smack of a hallmark hall of fame 	0
a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions 	1
unsympathetic 	0
she 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness . 	1
his most ardent fans 	1
overeager 	0
is not a bad film . 	1
this listless feature 	0
no clear-cut hero 	0
to mind : so why is this so boring ? 	0
my two hours better watching 	0
out there ! 	1
wes craven 's presence is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . ' 	0
bothered to construct a real story this time 	1
oozing with attractive men 	1
lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns 	1
the grieving process 	0
appealing veneer 	1
a fairly inexperienced filmmaker 	0
the plot kicks into gear 	1
distanced us from the characters 	0
pleasure . 	1
zero . 	0
is dreary and sluggish . 	0
delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers 	1
we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed 	0
before landing squarely on `` stupid '' 	0
into a few evocative images and striking character traits 	1
offensive and nothing at all like real life 	0
debut effort by `` project greenlight '' winner 	1
garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... 	1
the full monty , but 	1
making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing 	0
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , 	0
will once again be an honest and loving one 	1
manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves 	0
not good enough 	0
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard 	0
aggressively anti-erotic 	0
does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas 	1
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . 	1
teeth-gnashing 	0
that might otherwise separate them 	0
really , really good things can come in enormous packages 	1
smart , steamy mix 	1
has never been smoother or more confident . 	1
eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life 	1
very well shot or composed or edited 	1
drowns out 	0
seems like someone going through the motions . 	0
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick 	1
has intentionally left college or was killed 	0
learned the hard way just 	0
carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg . 	0
good and ambitious film 	1
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho 's fans . 	1
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so 	0
a pleasing , often-funny comedy 	1
wise and knowing 	1
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore . 	0
distaste 	0
spectacularly outrageous 	1
an inventive 	1
gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust . 	0
the most horrific movie experience 	0
... one resurrection too many . 	0
is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . 	1
an exclamation point 	1
( allen ) 	1
of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them 	0
wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many . 	1
a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh 	0
while cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller 	0
the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . 	1
ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue 	0
found his groove these days 	1
all its moodiness 	0
has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance . 	1
zero compelling storyline 	0
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure 	1
is meaningful or memorable 	1
's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . 	0
such a bore 	0
what makes this film special 	1
that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism 	1
is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement 	0
, the movie stirs us as well . 	1
otherwise appalling 	0
a mediocre one 	0
in execution 	0
in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . 	0
are less than adorable 	0
cold 	0
a shabby script 	0
that everyone can enjoy 	1
dim-witted and lazy spin-off 	0
had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies . 	1
grand as the lord of the rings 	1
to and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests 	0
biting and witty feature 	1
a chuckle 	1
a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness 	0
it ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains . 	1
olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation 	0
on character 	1
any way of gripping what its point is , 	0
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time . 	0
but very pleasing at its best moments 	1
is small in scope , yet perfectly formed . 	1
was vile enough . 	0
love affair 	1
he forgets to make it entertaining 	0
have a hard time believing it was just coincidence 	0
hate it 	0
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up . 	0
is a treat . 	1
is turning in some delightful work on indie projects 	1
disturbing 	0
into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality 	1
someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster 	0
passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone . 	1
by the incessant use of cell phones 	0
dredge 	0
ca n't help but feel ` stoked . ' 	1
from oscar-winning master 	1
still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . 	0
will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works 	1
get back to your car in the parking lot 	0
some futile concoction 	0
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile 	1
hollywood concoction 	0
heartening 	1
some savvy producer 	1
abyss 	0
way off 	0
swooping down on a string of exotic locales , 	1
offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies 	1
it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum . 	0
might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 	1
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one 	0
designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 	1
offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . 	1
see a movie 	1
the master of disguise represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . 	0
love the piano teacher 	1
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze . 	1
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions . 	1
not-so-funny gags 	0
all the annals 	0
to direct-to-video irrelevancy 	0
inventive action sequences 	1
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights 	1
go unnoticed and underappreciated 	1
meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	0
that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture 	1
be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ? 	0
very inspiring or insightful 	1
the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us 	0
his maudlin ending 	0
more interesting -- 	1
the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 	1
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed 	1
be too narrow to attract crossover viewers 	0
what 's best about drumline is its energy 	1
modern-day royals 	1
amazing film work 	1
more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes 	0
often hilarious 	1
lulled into a coma 	0
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , 	1
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it . 	1
haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue 	0
is interminable 	0
put off by the film 's austerity 	0
many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times 	1
proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . 	0
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors . 	0
one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 	1
balances both traditional or modern stories together 	1
though jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees . 	1
is nothing short of a great one 	1
uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . 	1
runs around and 	1
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life . 	0
unerring respect 	1
screenplay to keep the film entertaining 	1
seventy-minute running time 	1
never existed 	0
overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities 	0
intelligent manner 	1
jackass is a vulgar 	0
what ` blade runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel . 	0
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' 	1
is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work . 	1
cold , pretentious 	0
too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks . 	0
a deep vein of sadness 	0
's pleasant enough 	1
is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese 	1
've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ... 	0
be as subtle and touching as the son 's room 	1
hold our attention 	1
believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film 	1
holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) 	1
never lets you off the hook . 	1
designed to fill time 	0
saddest 	0
it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump 	0
by sparking debate and encouraging thought 	1
never quite gel 	0
though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy 	0
though it runs 163 minutes 	0
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and 	1
find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story 	1
's good enough . 	1
gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . 	1
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two 	0
of warmth and gentle humor 	1
south korea 's future 	1
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . 	1
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 	1
makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view 	1
a more ambitious movie 	1
surprisingly well 	1
sordid of human behavior on the screen , 	0
feel fully 	1
works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride 	1
are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 	0
dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean . 	1
the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce 	0
uncompromising artists trying to create something original 	1
... wise and elegiac ... 	1
the plot holes 	0
wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany 	0
the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	0
the story plays out slowly 	0
cliched and 	0
a strong-minded viewpoint , 	1
unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out 	0
such a gloriously goofy way 	1
rock-solid 	1
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one . 	1
, funny humor 	1
in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago 	0
angry and sad 	0
a great party 	1
if the screenplay falls somewhat short 	0
recommend this film more 	1
hugely rewarding 	1
's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible . 	1
mattei 's underdeveloped effort 	0
padded . 	0
, haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 	1
could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking 	0
loses its ability to shock and amaze . 	0
the film is a hilarious adventure 	1
muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex . 	1
cheesy fun factor 	1
b.s. 	0
charming , 	1
the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season 	1
perry 's good and his is an interesting character , 	1
is little else to recommend `` never again 	0
look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten . 	0
some blondes , ( diggs ) should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 	0
one fantastic ( and educational ) 	1
is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood 	1
of a raindrop 	1
on it 	1
convey a sense of childhood imagination 	1
an enjoyable choice for younger kids 	1
unimaginable horror 	0
looks like a drag queen 	0
the movie in a superficial way , while never sure 	0
's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture 	1
only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 	0
a highly gifted 12-year-old 	1
foul 	0
lacked 	0
stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design 	0
's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' . 	0
the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 	1
not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor 	0
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality 	0
, you 're gon na like this movie . 	1
show us a good time 	1
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . 	0
was so endlessly , grotesquely 	0
, unnecessary 	0
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events 	1
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , 	0
troubling and powerful . 	1
univac-like script machine 	0
the actors are simply too good , 	1
, subtlety has never been his trademark 	0
about its ideas and 	0
as literary desecrations go 	0
a wonderful subject 	1
hedonistic 	0
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good . 	0
its premise is smart , 	1
theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . 	0
grace this deeply touching melodrama 	1
another night 	1
to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun 	1
an expert thriller 	1
adams just copies 	0
t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context 	1
merely bad rather than painfully awful 	0
's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt 	0
i never thought i 'd say this , but i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies ! 	0
spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing . 	1
film to watch 	1
universal appeal 	1
know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further 	0
i never thought i 'd say this , but i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies 	0
think , zzzzzzzzz 	0
as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators 	1
utterly convincing 	1
the clumsy cliché of the ugly american 	0
, will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 	1
seem twice as long 	0
must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . 	0
, hollywood ending is a depressing experience 	0
is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy 	1
by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest 	0
vibrantly colored and 	1
certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . 	1
a sensitive , cultivated treatment 	1
surprisingly shoddy 	0
whose pervasive quiet 	1
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lost its edge 	0
true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya 	1
has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety 	1
inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	1
is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 	1
eccentric and 	1
is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie 	1
amateur ' in almost every frame 	0
a warm , enveloping affection 	1
it 's that painful . 	0
none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him . 	0
thoughtful , reverent portrait 	1
best gay love stories 	1
is little else to recommend `` never again . 	0
exceedingly memorable one 	1
create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn 	1
mysterious 	1
offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor . 	1
's a hellish 	0
he 's well worth spending some time with 	1
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging 	1
love and bloodletting 	1
the great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home . 	0
white 's intermittently wise script 	1
that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting 	1
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser 	1
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler 	0
bratty 	0
say for plenty of movies 	1
about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers 	1
relentlessly folksy 	0
the best case 	1
your nose 	1
, it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . 	1
's a spirited film and a must-see 	1
a handful of smart jokes 	1
as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor 	1
needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic 	0
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny 	1
a strong thumbs 	1
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage . 	1
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- 	1
its heartfelt concern 	1
not so much farcical as sour . 	0
no charm , no laughs 	0
multilayered and sympathetic 	1
to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 	0
filled with strange and wonderful creatures 	1
see it 	1
me no lika da accents so good 	0
works because reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience . 	1
being very inspiring or insightful 	1
martial arts 	1
particularly joyless , 	0
some of the visual flourishes 	1
adroit but finally 	1
heartfelt 	1
scenery , vibe 	1
the film lapses 	0
an ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging . 	0
increasingly incoherent 	0
, you 're desperate for the evening to end . 	0
bears more than a whiff of exploitation , 	0
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and 	0
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; 	0
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material 	1
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had 	0
reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	1
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair . 	1
if pointless excursion 	0
that should have been the ultimate imax trip 	1
loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . 	1
this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one 	0
are especially fine . 	1
this ambitious comic escapade 	1
lustrous polished visuals 	1
leave it 	0
the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions 	1
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but 	0
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces 	1
brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema 	1
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness . 	0
we never feel anything for these characters , 	0
rather frightening 	0
thought would leave you cold 	0
overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy 	0
alluring 	1
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago 	1
it 's going to be a trip 	1
story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	0
rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative 	1
while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself 	1
that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 	1
an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album 	0
because it plays everything too safe 	0
botched 	0
the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting 	0
the wanton slipperiness 	0
the silly and crude storyline 	0
set out to lampoon , anyway 	1
itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy 	1
this seductive tease of a thriller 	1
nightmare 	0
if you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need . 	1
lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works 	0
reality tv obsession 	0
surprisingly inoffensive 	1
the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes 	0
her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant 	0
strong themes of familial ties 	1
is intriguing , provocative stuff . 	1
great party 	1
it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . '' 	0
seems to play on a 10-year delay 	0
made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun 	1
( seagal 's ) strenuous attempt 	0
the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed 	0
every indulgent , indie trick in the book 	0
maybe leblanc thought , `` hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . '' 	0
'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 	1
shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today . 	1
so bad in a major movie 	0
this is pure , exciting moviemaking . 	1
suitable summer entertainment 	1
in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 	0
its exquisite acting 	1
, evans is no hollywood villain 	1
for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots 	0
central flaw 	0
of its pretensions 	0
it was written for no one 	0
of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother 	1
, nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 	0
a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad 	0
from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman 	0
's his strongest performance since the doors 	1
horrible 	0
gradually accumulates more layers 	1
bad prose 	0
lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 	0
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they 'll get plenty ) 	0
so much crypt mist in the brain 	0
as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese 	0
hard to conceive anyone else in their roles 	1
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 	0
is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake 	0
drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power . 	1
just plain crap 	0
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , 	1
plodding action sequences 	0
while he talks 	1
visually ravishing 	1
phenomenal performances 	1
familiar and predictable , and 	0
desperation 	0
only seems to care about the bottom line 	0
will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart . 	1
callow pretension 	0
is greatness here 	1
comfortable niche 	1
it 's never as solid as you want it to be 	0
i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 	0
like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 	1
works on any number of levels 	1
mystery devoid 	0
, enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . 	1
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... 	1
a complete waste 	0
the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful . 	1
the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . 	0
moving documentary 	1
slam-bang 	1
goosebumps 	1
the right stuff for silly summer entertainment 	1
trash cinema 	0
be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john 	0
abused 	0
does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple 	1
who sometimes defies sympathy 	0
of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe 	0
worse stunt editing 	0
solid family fun 	1
lucks 	1
savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle 	0
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great 	0
feeling a part of its grand locations 	1
a new idea 	1
an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ... 	1
too many wrong turns 	0
do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . 	0
bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate 	0
transfixes the audience . 	1
the similarly ill-timed antitrust 	0
with intelligence and care 	1
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set 	0
most pleasurable movies 	1
from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap 	0
's a dull girl , that 's all . 	0
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger 	0
one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep 	1
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati 	1
never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them . 	0
the adjective ` gentle ' applies 	1
bogs down in a surfeit of characters 	0
is a success . 	1
confusing and horrifying vision 	0
is disposable 	0
are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care . 	0
but certainly not without merit 	1
showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase 	1
its excellent use 	1
's fun for kids of any age . 	1
is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients 	1
it is n't very good 	0
calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored 	1
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure . 	1
so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective 	0
it squanders chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt ! 	0
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art . 	0
is surprisingly brilliant 	1
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , 	1
is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years 	1
's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark . 	1
are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times 	1
is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was 	0
period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans 	1
makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing . 	1
i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 	1
the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen . 	0
all movie 	1
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified 	1
compelling 	1
comic relief 	1
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance 	1
cheery and tranquil 	1
the simpering soundtrack 	0
absorbing character study by andré turpin . 	1
that strikes a very resonant chord 	1
be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor 	0
seem tired and , what 's worse , routine 	0
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top . 	0
a new kind of high 	1
colorful , joyous celebration 	1
even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament 	0
labors as storytelling 	0
succeeds as a well-made evocation 	1
embellished by editing 	1
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads 	0
son of the bride , proves it 's never too late to learn . 	1
from pinnacle to pinnacle 	1
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad 	1
say it was a guilty pleasure 	1
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay 	0
of both adventure and song 	1
a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story 	1
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual . 	0
pick up the slack 	0
being very funny 	1
this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence 	1
nowheresville 	0
bored by as your abc 's 	0
the best disney movie 	1
energy and innovation 	1
threadbare comic setups 	0
shock-you-into-laughter 	1
is worth the price of admission . 	1
the john wayne classics 	1
stroke 	0
more racist portraits 	0
yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time 	0
is a masterfully 	1
an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off 	0
of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	0
films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain 	1
every bit as distinctive 	1
insanely stupid 	0
powerful emotional wallop 	1
has solid acting and a neat premise 	1
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story 	1
an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes 	1
spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	1
strangely schizo cartoon 	0
she 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations . 	1
the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination 	1
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes . 	0
achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 	1
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions . 	1
's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan 	1
as monstrous 	0
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho 	1
accumulated enjoyment 	1
, the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot . 	0
its recycled aspects 	0
griffin & co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous . 	1
enthrall the whole family 	1
it 's no lie 	1
appeal to women 	1
bittersweet contemporary comedy 	1
to a higher level 	1
does n't have a passion for the material 	0
like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits 	0
stuck around for this long 	0
yet another tired old vision 	0
offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . 	1
do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace 	0
what great cinema can really do 	1
is more timely now than ever . 	1
one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen 	1
too bland to be interesting 	0
through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 	0
this nervy oddity , like modern art should . 	1
alternately touching and funny 	1
pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter . 	1
banal and 	0
terrorist 	0
grossest movie 	0
writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 	1
best way 	1
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention . 	0
created a beautiful canvas 	1
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy . 	1
charm or texture 	1
it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . 	1
blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 	1
effecting 	1
plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family 	1
false and 	0
the trifecta of badness 	0
animated movies in quite a while 	0
of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh 	0
the only entertainment 	1
darkly funny and frequently insightful . 	1
two-dimensional and 	0
needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 	0
cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! '' 	0
youthful affluence 	1
if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition 	0
dumb and derivative horror 	0
the more overtly silly dialogue 	0
innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	1
would have been better off staying on the festival circuit 	0
vibrant creative instincts 	1
exit sign 	0
shambles 	0
, metropolis is a feast for the eyes . 	1
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary . 	0
so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . 	0
becomes instead a grating endurance test 	0
a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising 	1
's a masterpeice . 	1
thoughtful and rewarding 	1
of the cinema world 's great visual stylists 	1
inimitable scenes 	1
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' 	1
jewish parents 	1
crawls along at a snail 's pace 	0
deviant behavior 	0
bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie 	1
the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' 	1
what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . 	1
marvelous verdu 	1
this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states . 	0
because it is japanese and yet feels universal 	1
more bizarre than actually amusing 	0
proud in its message 	1
gaudy hawaiian shirt 	0
dim-witted and 	0
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . 	0
lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat 	0
the quiet american is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar . 	0
irresistibly 	1
seen ( eddie ) 	1
throughout this funny film 	1
while the production details are lavish 	1
made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid 	0
a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy 	1
that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde 	0
is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . 	0
unforced comedy-drama 	1
interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 	0
group articulates a flood of emotion . 	1
no way 	0
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , 	1
feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 	0
it 's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . 	1
this tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations . 	0
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before . 	0
bad direction and bad acting -- 	0
a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event . 	1
good-naturedness 	1
is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen 	0
under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 	1
holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often 	1
somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . 	0
blind date , only less 	0
are totally estranged from reality 	0
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness . 	1
is a lumbering , wheezy drag ... 	0
less enjoyable 	0
in the middle of hopeful 	1
amused by the idea 	1
genuinely moving 	1
scenes all end in someone screaming 	0
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , 	0
flat champagne 	0
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one 	0
leads to a satisfying destination 	1
with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . 	1
the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes . 	0
thematically complex 	1
if there 's a heaven for bad movies 	0
sustains a higher plateau 	1
has merit 	1
the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania 	0
's simply unbearable 	0
it 's lousy 	0
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp 	0
slapdash disaster 	0
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping . 	0
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack . 	1
inspiring tale 	1
's refreshing to see a romance this smart . 	1
, considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . 	0
comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 	0
such high-profile talent serve such literate material 	1
he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . 	1
it has fun with the quirks of family life , 	1
ponderous and charmless 	0
if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm 	1
it does n't make any sense 	0
i 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper . 	0
after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . 	0
take you down a familiar road with a few twists 	1
's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images . 	1
... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . 	1
been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 	1
prefabricated 	0
tired old 	0
the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack 	1
it 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars 	0
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted . 	1
an underachiever 	0
the filmmakers were worried 	0
of good stuff 	1
a smart , steamy mix 	1
must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees . 	1
shining performance 	1
captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . 	1
crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection 	1
those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us 	1
like a precious and finely cut diamond 	1
trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 	0
is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career 	0
time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 	1
somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . 	0
do n't need to try very hard 	0
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier . 	0
, this halloween is a gory slash-fest . 	1
that was written down 	0
is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still . 	0
uninvolving 	0
when ( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . 	0
' rip-off 	0
'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't 	0
they have a tendency to slip into hokum 	0
a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days 	1
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot 	1
have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams 	0
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out 	1
bad film you thought was going to be really awful 	0
is a film for the under-7 crowd 	0
of this so-called satire 	0
( seagal 's ) 	1
come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free 	0
enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining 	1
feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off 	0
love in remembrance 	1
for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus 	1
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing . 	1
glorified 	1
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of 	1
is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy . 	1
an epic rather than 	1
two unrelated shorts that falls far short 	0
as compelling or as believable 	1
's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . 	0
fell apart 	0
the concept is a hoot . 	1
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion 	1
's lovely and amazing 	1
admission for the ridicule factor 	0
hour-and-a-half-long commercial 	0
an alfred hitchcock movie 	1
may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences 	0
some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy 	0
visually graceful 	1
worse than bland 	0
's not scary , not smart and not engaging 	0
splendid actors 	1
its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis 	0
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers . 	1
enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games . 	1
delving 	1
give exposure to some talented performers 	1
're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination 	0
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings 	1
things insipid 	0
lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable 	0
hugely overwritten 	0
a nightmare 	0
suspenseful enough for older kids but not 	1
a lyrical and celebratory vision 	1
the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers 	1
tasteful little revision works 	1
a reprieve 	1
filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two 	1
strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	1
terminally brain dead production 	0
holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy . 	1
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize 	0
lacks 	0
whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is 	1
, even-flowing tone 	1
absurdities 	0
a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism 	1
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults 	1
impressed 	1
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut . 	1
is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness 	1
beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 	1
i had a lot of problems with this movie . 	0
ingenious 	1
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . 	0
a sexy , surprising romance 	1
i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless . 	0
seems a prostituted muse ... 	0
sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons 	1
does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy . 	0
could make you weep 	0
goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle 	0
predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle . 	1
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing . 	1
define a generation 	1
is still worth 	1
, painful 	0
, fireballs and revenge 	0
a typical bible killer story 	0
a flawed but engrossing thriller . 	1
endearing cast 	1
drowns in sap . 	0
that it 's offensive , 	0
'd be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow . 	1
( at least ) moore is a real charmer . 	1
the laborious pacing 	0
a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative 	1
especially clever 	1
has wonderfully funny moments 	1
would have saved this film a world of hurt 	0
infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm 	1
incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 	0
i 'll go out on a limb . 	1
as beautifully shaped and 	1
as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder 	0
overlong and not well-acted , but 	0
howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective . 	1
their own rhythm 	1
an incomprehensible 	0
vicious and 	0
... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . 	0
will want to see over and over again 	1
sophisticated , discerning taste 	1
will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face . 	1
long and eventful spiritual journey 	1
nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . 	1
-- and timely 	1
could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population 	0
love moore or 	1
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and 	1
a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television 	0
the comedy is nonexistent . 	0
in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script 	1
about ten 	1
with amazing finesse 	1
movie-biz 	0
seen such self-amused trash 	0
veers 	0
team 	1
of self-congratulation between actor and director 	0
come off too amateurish and awkward 	0
prolific director 	1
many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill 	0
unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks 	0
like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . 	1
works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing 	1
a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors 	0
well-meant but unoriginal 	0
ghandi 	1
, kinky fun 	1
refreshed and 	1
tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony 	0
discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again 	0
may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black 	0
overwrought ending 	0
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye . 	1
form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare 	1
drown out 	0
the phenomenal , water-born cinematography 	1
bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay . 	0
production values & christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot 	1
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze 	1
enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid . 	0
played and smartly directed . 	1
has no reason to exist 	0
has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar 	1
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , 	1
a beautiful , aching sadness 	1
throwaway 	0
of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story 	0
been all but decommissioned 	0
's badder than bad . 	0
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy 	1
does so without compromising that complexity 	1
explosive physical energy and 	1
only belly laughs 	1
nice , harmless 	1
except : film overboard 	0
been cobbled together onscreen 	0
laborious 	0
damned funny 	1
bad luck and 	0
has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery 	1
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history . 	1
who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds . 	1
the down-to-earth bullock 	1
of hell so shattering it 	0
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs 	0
's just grating 	0
of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay 	0
pleasing at its best moments 	1
is often very funny 	1
off more than he or anyone else could chew 	0
an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be 	0
're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity 	0
like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours 	0
the most oddly honest hollywood document of all 	1
with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel 	1
definitely funny stuff 	1
the only thing scary about feardotcom 	0
kafka 	1
it 's a very sincere work 	1
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me 	0
no timeout 	0
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; 	1
that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	1
provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history 	1
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women . 	1
teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 	0
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals 	1
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm 	0
that delivers a surprising 	1
you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . 	1
lyrical and celebratory 	1
career-best performances 	1
for technical flaws to get in the way 	0
sixties ' rockumentary milestones 	1
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked 	0
endearing about it . 	1
whenever you think you 've figured out late marriage 	1
sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion ' 	1
bargain-basement 	0
via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 	1
lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . 	0
director michael cacoyannis 	1
is breathtaking 	1
is a particularly vexing handicap 	0
yet , it must be admitted , 	1
script is n't up to the level of the direction 	0
fairly solid 	1
roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude . 	1
screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation . 	0
an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending 	0
when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling 	0
definitely tasty and sweet 	1
balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams 	1
strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder 	0
that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll 	1
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . 	1
glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . 	1
layered and stylistic 	1
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession 	1
anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take . 	1
menace 	0
ambiguous and nothing 	1
one-dimensional 	0
gross 	0
's all the stronger because of it 	1
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes 	0
of death in this bitter italian comedy 	0
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . 	0
art-house to the core 	1
she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 	1
windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . 	0
, it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair 	0
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being . 	0
becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion 	1
, it may just scare the pants off you . 	1
mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete 	1
a loud , witless mess 	0
, ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . 	1
and yet , it still works . 	1
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand 	1
an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion 	1
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way 	0
of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	1
fine-looking film 	1
sucker 	0
who could too easily become comic relief in any other film 	1
mindless action flick 	0
with too much exploitation and too little art 	0
content merely 	1
of malaise 	0
hot 	1
if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing 	1
portrayals 	0
a bold biographical fantasia 	1
using an endearing cast 	1
its make-believe promise of life 	0
sweet treasure and something 	1
great companion piece 	1
holds itself 	1
the theater in the first 10 minutes 	1
a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience 	1
devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama . 	1
like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's . 	0
slick 	1
, madonna 's cameo does n't suck ! 	1
i could n't recommend this film more . 	1
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation . 	0
scratching your head in amazement over the fact 	0
's not original enough . 	0
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 	1
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points . 	0
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film 	1
often hilarious . 	1
miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 	1
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep . 	1
recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end 	0
come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook 	0
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place . 	0
right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong 	1
with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives . 	1
agonizing , catch-22 	0
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions . 	0
to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life 	0
to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other 	0
all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital 	0
inept direction , 	0
beauty reeks 	1
sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	1
foul up 	0
cinematic appeal 	1
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man . 	0
a seriously bad film 	0
at the right film 	1
stereotypical 	0
written 	1
woefully hackneyed movie 	0
, it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 	0
low-budget hybrid 	0
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , 	1
but also nicely done 	1
acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts 	1
is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems 	0
succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad 	1
-- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same 	1
's mildly entertaining 	1
, manipulative 	0
there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , 	1
a menace 	0
a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula 	0
, ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 	1
by the most random of chances 	0
bright , inventive 	1
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being . 	0
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , 	1
that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over 	0
benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . 	1
outweigh the positives 	0
make a classic theater piece 	1
a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale 	1
a ploddingly melodramatic structure 	1
satisfying summer blockbuster 	1
the barriers finally prove to be too great 	0
gay and lesbian children 	0
a rather listless amble 	0
that you wo n't care 	0
will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long 	0
obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered 	0
represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe 	0
the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side . 	1
's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original 	1
heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this 	1
nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants 	1
of being able to give full performances 	1
denuded 	1
existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god 	1
a fresh idea 	1
`` home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . 	1
's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen 	1
film aficionados can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . ' 	1
means to face your fears 	1
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone 	1
sophomore effort 	0
, stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie . 	1
it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	1
bland , obnoxious 88-minute 	0
are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny 	0
shapes history 	1
pretty watchable 	1
a japan bustling 	1
one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness 	1
fiercely clever and subtle 	1
is an object lesson in period filmmaking 	1
the worst titles in recent cinematic history 	0
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood 	1
in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . 	0
reprehensible 	0
that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy 	0
some interesting storytelling devices 	1
engaging fantasy 	1
as bad as you think 	0
is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography . 	1
is trite 	0
has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you 	1
an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare 	1
if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong 	0
be , by its art and heart , a necessary one 	1
self-deprecating , biting and witty feature 	0
layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	0
power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror 	1
routine stuff yuen 	0
vile , incoherent mess 	0
while cleverly worked out 	1
is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage 	0
plot lapses 	0
smartly and 	1
like a true star 	1
of intelligence or invention 	1
so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation 	1
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing 	0
upscale 	1
material realm 	1
of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim 	1
, the project should have been made for the tube . 	0
, featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore . 	1
signature style 	1
zings all the way 	1
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious 	1
smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling 	0
( t ) he script is n't up to the level of the direction 	0
hugely entertaining and 	1
to the integrity and vision of the band 	1
a little more special 	1
nothing good can happen 	0
cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in . 	1
is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel . 	1
uninspired preachy and clichéd 	0
wears 	0
deeply unpleasant 	0
the only thing avary seems to care about 	0
a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action 	1
i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting 	0
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips 	1
everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial 	0
the film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter . 	1
nonsensical 	0
sustain laughs 	1
mannerisms and self-indulgence 	1
is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend 	1
made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 	0
, bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action 	0
has a fluid , no-nonsense authority 	1
you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller 	1
girl-meets-girl romantic comedy 	1
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based . 	1
witty and sophisticated 	1
more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway . 	1
intermittently hilarious 	1
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief 	1
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis . 	1
becomes lifeless and 	0
to some talented performers 	1
a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters 	1
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept . 	0
itself is about something very interesting and odd that 	1
guest appearance 	1
it 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame . 	0
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength . 	0
hart 's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character . 	0
me 	1
is thought-provoking . 	1
its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting 	0
has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock . 	1
sports 	1
we 're drawn in by the dark luster . 	1
terribly episodic and 	0
gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . 	1
the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium 	0
more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . 	0
during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness 	0
it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate 	0
this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ... 	0
can actually feel good 	1
some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither 	0
wilson and murphy 	1
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro . 	1
a-list players 	1
made the full monty a smashing success ... 	1
wooden delivery 	0
it , offering fine acting moments and pungent 	1
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made 	0
propels 	1
draggy 	0
damn 	0
transcends ethnic lines 	1
rapturous 	0
run out of clever ideas and visual gags 	0
he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	0
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows . 	1
warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family 	1
one of the best gay love stories ever made 	1
crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary . 	0
with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in . 	1
seem smart and well-crafted in comparison 	1
lawrence should stick to his day job . 	0
boring , self-important stories 	0
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free 	1
its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale 	1
, he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 	0
scattered 	0
find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests 	1
swooning elegance 	1
deep as a petri dish 	0
, it 's nowhere near as good as the original . 	0
viscerally exciting 	1
's nowhere near 	0
leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending 	1
a stirring , funny and 	1
it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair 	0
this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . 	0
well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell 	0
still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch 	0
mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh . 	1
a tremendous piece of work 	1
absorbing 	1
relentlessly saccharine 	0
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more 	0
really gives the film its oomph 	1
the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 	0
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . 	0
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance 	1
silly summer entertainment 	1
those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals . 	0
is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving 	1
goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice . 	1
, david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . 	1
rich and intelligent film 	1
brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman 	1
may be lovely 	1
its broad racial insensitivity 	0
feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 	0
, there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 	1
seriously bad 	0
shock and amaze 	1
it were , well , more adventurous 	1
mimics everyone and everything 	0
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay . 	0
you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	0
more accurately , it 's moving 	1
making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female 	1
( a ) satisfying niblet 	1
engages 	1
fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs 	1
the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 	1
curiosity factors 	1
depressed fifteen-year-old 's 	0
, incoherent , instantly disposable 	0
provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex 	1
can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . 	1
boring despite the scenery 	0
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 	1
you 'll enjoy this movie . 	1
disappointed by a movie 	0
a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped 	0
as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs 	0
birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked . 	1
one terrific score and 	1
michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest 	0
pinochet 	0
shreve 's graceful dual narrative 	1
hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	1
's a very very strong `` b + . '' 	1
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , 	1
is high on squaddie banter 	0
for good 	1
is highly pleasurable . 	1
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , 	1
one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable 	0
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice . 	0
was n't a good movie 	0
is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives 	0
is a masterfully conducted work 	1
that constantly defies expectation 	1
you 'll find in this dreary mess . 	0
the unmistakable stamp of authority 	1
it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera 	1
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television . 	0
beautiful , 	1
the artwork is spectacular and 	1
to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 	0
humorous observations 	1
nifty plot line 	1
strongest and most touching movie of recent years 	1
ca n't save it 	0
comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . 	0
tear their eyes away from the screen 	1
this dumas adaptation entertains 	1
i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless 	0
is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump 	0
whiny and 	0
only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 	0
most practiced 	1
intolerant 	1
should have gone straight to video . 	0
though it was written for no one , but somehow 	1
sexual and romantic tension 	1
merchandised-to-the-max 	0
in which the script and characters hold sway 	1
one of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar 	0
emotional conviction 	1
is : ` scooby ' do n't . 	0
getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic 	0
would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 	0
its characters , weak and strong 	0
small in scope , 	0
majidi shoe-loving 	1
a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people . 	0
a depressing experience 	0
competence 	1
an absolute delight 	1
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration 	1
nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through 	0
bad direction and bad acting 	0
their place in the world 	1
mr. deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 	1
satisfying complete 	1
the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore 	1
cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 	0
it will be , 	1
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , 	1
thrilling 	1
is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 	0
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory . 	0
, but wanes in the middle 	0
insensitivity 	0
, find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 	0
was put through torture for an hour and a half 	0
and altogether creepy 	0
as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination 	0
the always hilarious meara 	1
plot holes sink this ` sub ' 	0
come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together 	1
is without intent . 	0
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films 	1
his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon 	1
it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators 	1
's really wrong with this ricture ! 	0
from burkina faso 	1
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , 	0
unabashedly romantic picture 	1
it 's a funny no-brainer 	1
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . 	1
a dark-as-pitch comedy 	0
has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . 	0
is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious 	0
this region and 	1
for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 	1
drivel 	0
nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear 	1
itself is actually quite vapid . 	0
... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror . 	0
, trouble every day is a plodding mess . 	0
needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds 	0
with all its flaws 	0
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer . 	1
a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction 	1
's what makes their project so interesting 	1
got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane 	1
adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild . 	0
's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room . 	1
intelligent , realistic portrayal 	1
funnier than being about something 	1
a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history 	1
all the way 	1
is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 	0
other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or 	1
convincing way 	1
into too many pointless situations 	0
... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics . 	1
a sentimental mess that never 	0
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient 	0
stale retread of the '53 original 	0
trial movie 	1
starts making water torture seem appealing 	0
is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex 	1
the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) 	1
servicable world war ii drama 	1
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet 	1
rodrigues 's 	1
are too obvious 	0
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost 	0
an accessible introduction as well as 	1
an energetic , violent movie 	1
than a more measured or polished production ever could 	1
a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . 	1
's more enjoyable than i expected , though 	1
wonderfully funny moments 	1
i just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie 	0
of fresh air 	1
, resistance and artistic transcendence 	1
funny ( sometimes hilarious ) 	1
the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed 	0
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references . 	0
be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares 	0
agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals 	1
too indulgent 	0
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lost its edge . 	0
a fairly impressive debut 	1
the best ensemble casts of the year 	1
what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 	1
shines through every frame . 	1
at every opportunity to do something clever 	1
a younger lad 	1
much to recommend the film 	1
the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit 	1
life 	1
this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture 	0
a cutesy romantic tale 	1
uplifting , funny and wise 	1
detract from the affection of that moral favorite 	0
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler . 	0
as little cleavage 	1
prolonged and boring 	0
confrontations 	0
fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation 	0
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and 	0
a rather unique approach to documentary 	1
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand 	0
this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped 	1
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly 	1
( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 	1
with a sensitivity 	1
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york 	1
capture the minds and hearts of many 	1
offensive and redundant 	0
caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare 	0
memorable directorial debut 	1
do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . 	0
comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 	1
soulless 	0
thinking someone made off with your wallet 	0
an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband 	1
the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges . 	1
dramatic enough to sustain interest 	1
it 's a very very strong `` b + . '' 	1
just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity 	1
on the santa clause 2 	1
if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . ' 	1
despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 	0
funny and 	1
, xxx is a blast of adrenalin , 	1
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past 	1
its essential problem 	0
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill . 	0
an inexplicable nightmare , 	0
a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 	1
may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen . 	1
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff . 	0
playful paranoia 	1
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . 	1
of softheaded metaphysical claptrap 	1
grievous but obscure 	0
enjoy yourselves without feeling conned 	1
a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless . 	0
enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events 	1
worked wonders with the material 	1
the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air 	1
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger . 	1
inconsistent , dishonest 	0
are what makes it worth the trip to the theater . 	1
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood . 	1
good music 	1
thematic resonance 	1
winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	0
skip this turd 	0
thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity 	0
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , 	0
pretentious . 	0
coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 	0
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis . 	0
to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 	0
high drama 	1
appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy 	1
an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness 	1
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic 	0
tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run 	1
horribly depressing and not 	0
a moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child . 	1
this quality band may pick up new admirers 	1
demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested 	0
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . ' 	1
a superior moral tone 	1
over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor . 	1
convoluted 	0
pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel . 	0
a unique culture 	1
self-deprecating 	0
manages for but a few seconds 	0
be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors 	1
it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one . 	0
's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor . 	1
a therapeutic zap of shock treatment 	1
the slapstick is labored 	0
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes . 	1
difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 	0
she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo 	1
the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script 	0
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration 	0
, the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . 	1
of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen 	1
is better than you might think 	1
the pacing is often way off and 	0
biggest names 	1
cynical creeps 	0
a more credible script 	1
good line 	1
-- sometimes tedious -- 	0
earnest 	1
while the humor is recognizably plympton 	1
stunningly trite 	0
a movie this bad 	0
her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled 	1
a low-budget hybrid of scarface or 	0
to ensnare its target audience . 	1
probably wo n't stand the cold light of day 	0
move over bond ; 	1
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer . 	0
delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition 	1
inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening 	1
glides 	1
's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie 	0
the smug self-satisfaction 	0
a realistic , non-exploitive approach 	1
an embarrassment . 	0
with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace 	1
surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue 	0
, windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 	0
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense 	1
's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty 	1
more timely in its despairing vision of corruption 	1
hideously and clumsily 	0
of a particular theatrical family 	1
rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke 	1
with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes 	1
the most impressive player 	1
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams 	1
majestic achievement 	1
wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way 	0
transcendent love story 	1
vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores . 	1
unerring 	1
someone going through the motions 	0
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe . 	0
all menace and atmosphere 	0
a vibrant , colorful world 	1
loses all 	0
already overladen with plot conceits 	0
, an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 	1
uncomfortably timely , relevant , 	1
to think about the ways we consume pop culture 	1
with unblinking candor 	1
i ca n't wait to see what the director does next 	1
a less-compelling soap opera 	0
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! 	0
digital photography 	1
its face 	1
captivates 	1
of masters of both 	1
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming 	1
been acted out 	0
this dreck 	0
norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced 	0
often watchable 	1
the film is not only a love song to the movies but 	1
play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life 	0
to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours 	0
a new treasure of the hermitage 	1
is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap 	0
their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script 	0
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache . 	1
re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting 	0
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture 	0
uncertainties 	0
all-too-familiar 	0
, confident 	1
its leaden acting , dull exposition and 	0
narcissistic 	0
worthwhile effort 	1
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all 	1
a longtime tolkien fan 	1
a weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media subcultures . 	1
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving . 	1
it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down 	0
has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents . 	0
swipe 90 minutes of your time 	0
emotionally and spiritually compelling 	1
revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style 	1
icily brilliant 	1
it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second . 	1
like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders . 	0
the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents . 	0
for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . 	1
not for every taste 	0
using an endearing cast , writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred . 	1
gloriously goofy way 	1
'' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless . 	1
in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution 	1
sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long 	0
more than enough sentimental catharsis 	1
delights and 	1
ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful 	1
by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot 	0
the problem with `` xxx '' 	0
whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- 	1
is what we call the ` wow ' factor 	1
another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh . 	0
all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations 	1
were less densely plotted 	0
more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 	1
he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 	0
gives his best screen performance 	1
otherwise comic narrative 	1
spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and 	0
to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor 	1
an extraordinary poignancy , and the story 	1
paper-thin supporting characters 	0
of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film 	1
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking 	1
very tasteful rock 	1
murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , 	0
by and large this is mr. kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since the doors . 	1
a tasteful , intelligent manner 	1
similarly ill-timed antitrust 	0
an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film 	1
powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama 	1
has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 	1
is never clear . 	0
delightful 	1
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 	1
are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery . 	1
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , 	1
peevish and gimmicky 	0
the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . 	1
to admit that i am baffled by jason x. 	0
watching spy 	1
sure hand 	1
dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song . 	0
i killed my father compelling 	1
dysfunctional 	0
seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material 	0
episodic choppiness , 	0
a surgeon mends a broken heart 	1
as tawdry trash 	0
a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability 	1
philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and 	1
one of the very best movies 	1
a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography 	1
luckiest viewers 	1
pointless 	0
if you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . '' 	1
catches dramatic fire . 	1
find compelling 	1
all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king 	0
overblown enterprise 	0
artificial and soulless 	0
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china 	1
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor . 	1
a step further , richer 	1
saddens 	0
schmucks 	0
sheer beauty 	1
's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	1
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since sept. 11 ) . 	0
at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . 	1
some surprises 	1
, dark beauty 	1
that they are actually releasing it into theaters 	0
it 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career . 	1
it 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming . 	1
it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees . 	1
that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power 	1
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation . 	1
in the manner of a golden book sprung to life 	1
petty thievery 	0
a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 	1
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you 	1
, maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master 	1
same old bad trip 	0
turns that 	1
's refreshing 	1
its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd 	0
sharply comic and surprisingly touching 	1
, i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful . 	0
feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark 	1
after ( seagal 's ) earlier copycat under siege 	0
notable for its sheer audacity and openness 	1
it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . 	1
rate annie 	1
rekindles 	1
good natured 	1
that it 's impossible to care 	0
he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 	1
a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing . 	1
slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty 	0
into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey 	1
what made you love it 	1
is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states . 	0
it a party worth attending 	1
there is no sense 	0
it 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it . 	0
a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension 	1
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and 	0
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion 	1
sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait 	1
ferrara 's 	1
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , 	1
a quaint , 	1
the clever credits roll 	1
from their incessant whining 	0
seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd . 	0
of complacency 	1
that rare movie 	1
such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy 	1
, compulsive life 	0
there 's definite room for improvement . 	0
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence 	0
fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte 	1
's often overwritten 	0
i did n't care . 	0
well-contructed 	1
works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely . 	1
dying and going 	0
humor and pathos 	1
a waste 	0
stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter 	1
invaluable record 	1
eventually becomes too heavy for the plot . 	0
veered off too far into the exxon zone 	0
skip this dreck , rent animal house and 	0
not a bad way to spend an hour or two 	1
of moronic stunts 	0
dramedy ' 	1
you feel good , 	1
's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . 	1
a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick 	0
, shiri is a must for genre fans . 	1
slapping its target audience 	0
dumb drug jokes 	0
decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies 	0
, is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly . 	1
gentlemen 	1
gentle jesus 	1
that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely 	0
asia , where ms. shu is an institution 	1
of the tortured and self-conscious material 	0
beautifully made 	1
the affection of that moral favorite 	1
support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick 	0
head cutter 	0
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing . 	0
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop 	1
an 88-minute rip-off of the rock 	0
while scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about . 	0
blast 	1
was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends 	1
manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . 	1
makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	1
consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable 	0
is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 . 	1
why is this so boring ? 	0
stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes 	0
conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences . 	0
does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length 	0
veered off too far 	0
a massive infusion 	0
are married for political reason 	0
that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema 	1
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film . 	1
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film . 	1
a coma-like state 	0
left slightly unfulfilled 	0
intermittently powerful 	1
's quite an achievement 	1
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , 	0
which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile 	1
to extremist name-calling 	0
a lynch-like vision 	1
popcorn 	1
rising 	1
can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience 	1
vividly 	1
not very absorbing characters 	0
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... 	1
riveting story 	1
is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises 	0
make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey 	1
smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still 	1
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and 	1
has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 	1
barker movie 	1
some cute moments , funny scenes 	1
tiring than anything 	0
, but it is a refreshingly forthright one . 	1
, mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . 	0
satisfying evening 	1
hearts and minds 	1
parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion ' 	0
to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude 	1
the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials 	0
is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power 	1
even delectable 	1
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid 	0
the pungent bite of its title 	0
hopkins looks like a drag queen 	0
this crazy life 	1
squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 	0
is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , 	0
is a director to watch . 	1
how to win the battle 	1
is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing 	1
creeping in others 	0
recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it 	1
gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , 	1
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect . 	0
gets the look and the period trappings right 	1
the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 	1
can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice . 	0
dicey screen material 	0
ramble 	0
relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations 	1
good period reconstruction 	1
a tasty performance 	1
required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike 	1
befallen every other carmen before her 	1
`` birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost . 	1
waste of time , money and celluloid 	0
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche 	0
amusing personalities 	1
chan has done in the united states 	1
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... 	1
stupid and annoying 	0
without you has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . 	1
the misleading title 	0
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded . 	1
charming , sometimes infuriating 	1
builds its multi-character story 	1
that embraces its old-fashioned themes 	1
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter 	0
spirited 	1
recommend it for its originality 	1
does n't make much 	0
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike . 	0
very compelling , 	1
that was followed by the bad idea 	0
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers 	0
the enjoyable undercover brother , 	1
does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it 	1
romantic tale 	1
's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it 	1
fails him 	0
hurts 	0
offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes 	1
is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 	0
passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge . 	0
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 	1
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing . 	1
the paranoid claustrophobia 	0
there are some laughs in this movie , but 	1
emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions 	0
that will keep them guessing 	1
does no justice 	0
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise . 	1
does somehow manage to get you under its spell . 	1
though it 's equally solipsistic in tone 	1
cause massive cardiac arrest 	0
all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new 	0
negative 	0
, for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb . 	0
filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope 	1
a `` snl '' has-been 	0
its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome 	1
he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up 	1
broke out into elaborate choreography 	1
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , 	1
film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 	1
appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn . 	1
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 	1
very entertaining , thought-provoking film 	1
to make absurdist observations 	0
you were thinking someone made off with your wallet 	0
at least passably real 	1
as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness 	0
with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 	0
for the quirky 	1
real documentary 	1
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story 	1
expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre 	0
whatever fills time -- 	0
that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 	0
, this is even better than the fellowship . 	1
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute . 	1
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive 	0
at ninety minutes , it drags 	0
cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces . 	1
like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 	0
only had a week to live 	0
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it . 	0
as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films 	1
, with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives . 	1
an odd show 	0
comfy 	1
younger lad 	1
see it for his performance if nothing else . 	1
lazily 	0
` true story ' 	1
this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool . 	0
familiar and insufficiently cathartic 	0
the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics 	1
manipulative claptrap , 	0
, just for them 	1
interesting 	1
if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out 	0
be delightfully compatible 	1
a charmer 	1
overachieving 	0
adrenalin 	1
is repulsive and depressing 	0
to love the piano teacher 	1
as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes 	0
enough cool fun here 	1
deserves a place of honor 	1
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works 	1
leave you speaking in tongues 	1
love in the time of money 	1
look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes 	0
to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much . 	1
consider it ` perfection . 	1
as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system 	1
sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen 	1
a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides 	1
fraction 	1
it suits the script 	1
moving and revelatory 	1
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film . 	1
i know better than to rush to the theater for this one 	0
it belongs on the big screen 	1
could force you to scratch a hole in your head . 	0
scenes brim 	1
green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that . 	0
landing squarely on `` stupid '' 	0
'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year 	0
backbone 	1
hugely imaginative and successful 	1
that proceeds 	1
viewers out in the cold 	0
, er , bubbly 	1
disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 	0
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama 	1
disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 	0
... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier . 	0
's also nice 	1
this unique and entertaining twist 	1
you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored . 	0
become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one 	1
the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers . 	1
's an adventure story and history lesson all in one 	1
the film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9 / 11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind . 	0
is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd . 	0
equals the sum of its pretensions . 	0
by the standards of knucklehead swill 	0
through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . ' 	0
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , 	0
keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation 	0
greatest date movies 	1
having an old friend 	1
has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy 	1
certainly ca n't recommend it 	0
not a classic 	0
alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 	1
this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 	1
wastes an exceptionally good idea . 	0
that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	1
hélène angel is definitely a director to watch . 	1
many genuine cackles 	1
a worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll . 	1
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations 	1
while remaining true to his principles 	1
just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen 	0
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension 	1
powerful rather than cloying 	1
a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people 	0
turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions 	1
is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be 	0
glizty but formulaic and silly ... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . 	0
intriguing , provocative stuff 	1
heroine 	1
hooked 	1
clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own 	1
privy to 	1
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve . 	1
the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel 	1
collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush . 	0
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie . ' 	0
inexperienced 	0
a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama 	0
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , 	0
the rut dug by the last one 	0
images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 	0
wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers 	1
supremely unfunny and unentertaining 	0
its best 	1
an irrepressible passion 	1
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included 	0
a party worth attending 	1
scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting 	1
it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end 	1
hodgepodge 	0
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes 	1
parents beware 	0
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times 	0
i walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like . 	0
finely detailed 	1
, reflective and beautifully 	1
adaptation is simply brilliant . 	1
chase to end all chases 	1
any enjoyment 	1
if i stay positive 	1
spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch 	0
this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines . 	0
the original hit movie 	1
deserves more than a passing twinkle 	1
how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls 	1
includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick 	0
their recklessness 	0
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too 	1
intelligence and 	1
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening . 	0
hard to resist 	1
dahmer 	0
working-class subjects 	1
right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner 	1
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , 	1
go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories 	1
the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art . 	1
a work of extraordinary journalism 	1
de niro ) 	0
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie . 	1
to the annoying score 	0
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way . 	0
is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan 	1
like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way 	0
an engaging 	1
is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff 	1
's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties . 	0
a strong and unforced supporting cast 	1
delivered in grand passion 	1
nolan 's penetrating undercurrent 	1
crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment 	1
that the journey is such a mesmerizing one 	1
's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough 	1
it 's burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . 	1
a thoughtful what-if 	1
tough to watch 	0
lots of laughs 	1
is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 	1
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes . 	1
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , 	1
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre 	1
the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge 	0
take us by surprise ... 	1
a film of freshness , imagination and insight 	1
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script 	0
the story 's pathetic 	0
graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake . 	1
utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code 	1
linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie 	0
on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly 	0
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film 	1
already obscure 	0
toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard 	0
thrill you , touch you and 	1
it falls far short of poetry 	0
ego-destroying 	0
the jokes are sophomoric 	0
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . 	0
even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	1
love him 	1
sweet , genuine 	1
, it can easily worm its way into your heart . ' 	1
similar obsessions can dominate a family 	0
advancing 	1
the right direction 	1
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style 	1
bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun 	0
fits 	1
the young actors , not very experienced , 	1
, dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters 	1
loved the people onscreen , 	1
appear foolish and shallow 	0
... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . 	0
first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer . 	1
fairly lame 	0
rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love . 	1
of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole 	0
, oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly 	1
'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama 	1
breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks 	0
overly convenient 	0
the success of undercover brother 	1
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , 	0
they fall to pieces 	0
pseudo-intellectual kid 	0
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , 	0
a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations . 	1
assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony 	1
of funny situations and honest observations 	1
certainly clever in spots 	1
your ego 	1
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted 	1
holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals . 	1
ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ... 	1
soap-opera emotion 	0
in its perfect quiet pace 	1
this is one of the year 's best films . 	1
it 's uninteresting . 	0
a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast 	0
it 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space . 	1
not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ? 	0
emotional and moral 	1
very ambitious project 	1
, it is clearly a good thing . 	1
superbly acted offbeat thriller 	1
add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff . 	0
looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 	0
, more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite 	0
shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them . 	1
is n't as weird as it ought to be 	0
incredibly flexible 	1
caton-jones 	1
a surprising , subtle turn 	1
that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh 	1
whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent 	1
nice 	1
luscious 	1
this 65-minute trifle 	0
insultingly inept and artificial 	0
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy . 	1
trailer-trash style 	0
a slapdash mess 	0
watchable up 	1
stay away 	0
manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 	0
thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	1
that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one 	1
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once 	0
full flush 	0
eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it 	1
the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings 	1
ghandi gone bad 	0
is astonishing 	1
the first movie 	1
to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) 	0
french malapropisms 	1
might actually want to watch . 	1
necessary to document all this emotional misery 	0
is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country 	1
concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 	1
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and 	0
a moving and weighty depiction 	1
a no-holds-barred cinematic 	1
knows how to hold the screen 	1
`` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years 	1
a worthwhile addition 	1
with restraint and a delicate ambiguity 	1
characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil 	0
film school undergrad 	0
a cellular phone commercial 	0
i 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment . 	0
there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs 	0
will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning 	0
return ticket 	0
to feel funny and light 	1
the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food 	1
alienation 	0
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning . 	0
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china . 	1
've completely 	1
loses its overall sense of mystery and 	0
enough flourishes and freak-outs 	0
lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) 	0
the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . '' 	0
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm 	1
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and 	1
fascinating little thriller 	1
's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies . 	1
quietly vulnerable 	1
inauthentic 	0
mental illness 	0
is weak . 	0
the exuberant openness 	1
but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while . 	1
gag 	0
is the director 's talent 	1
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them . 	0
is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time . 	1
it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half 	0
lacks aspirations of social upheaval . 	0
( less a movie than ) an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment . 	0
becomes lifeless 	0
any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions 	0
on `` stupid 	0
is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive . 	0
's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them 	0
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves . 	1
its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that 	0
killing time , that 's all that 's going on here . 	0
go back to sleep . 	0
does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke 	0
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels 	1
mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as 	0
at your neighbor 's garage sale 	0
everyone 's to blame here . 	0
cut open a vein 	0
into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary 	0
true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation . 	0
bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality 	1
win any academy awards 	1
awkwardly paced 	0
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . 	0
) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined 	0
this movie worth seeing 	1
wryly amusing 	1
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones . 	1
more complex 	1
balances both traditional or modern stories 	1
progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony 	0
joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius . 	0
hastily dubbed 	0
an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood 	1
captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path 	1
proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 	0
this insipid , brutally clueless film 	0
mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- 	1
the disjointed mess 	0
make the film relevant today , 	1
is just garbage 	0
could have been much better 	0
may strain adult credibility 	0
bad acting 	0
an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty 	1
a riot 	1
pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter 	1
as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro 	0
despite the opulent lushness of every scene 	1
another best 	1
comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild . 	0
comical 	1
thinly-conceived movie . 	0
're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party . 	0
maggie g. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen . 	1
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men . 	0
gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving 	1
of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 	1
hollywood too long has ignored 	0
overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director 	0
like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless 	0
painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama 	0
by this gentle comedy 	1
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution 	1
been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks 	0
the simpering soundtrack and editing 	0
the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline 	0
it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 	1
is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . 	0
at soccer hooliganism 	0
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags 	1
the most important and exhilarating forms 	1
fred schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . 	0
a disaster 	0
not a participant 	0
it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken 	0
sags in pace 	0
inadequately motivated 	0
able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting 	1
it 's the image that really tells the tale . 	1
captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe 	0
be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 	1
silly horror movies 	0
in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity 	1
vivid characters and 	1
, blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 	0
's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . 	0
something for everyone . 	1
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire . 	0
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation . 	1
with a moral 	1
achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation 	1
chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in 	0
few early laughs 	1
... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired . 	0
transcends 	1
straight-to-video 	0
could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up 	0
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood . 	1
the original new testament stories so compelling 	1
here is unusually tame 	0
a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare 	0
safe 	1
for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon 	1
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is 	0
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note . 	1
lazy , miserable and smug 	0
, for the most part , credible 	1
their parents 	1
the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made 	1
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . 	1
starts off witty and sophisticated 	1
makes this movie worth seeing 	1
of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances 	1
most creative mayhem 	1
with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 	1
fun factor 	1
original fantasy film 	1
entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel . 	0
its characters tissue-thin 	0
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term . 	1
there is n't one true ` chan moment ' . 	0
canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people . 	1
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . 	1
cinematic experience 	1
reach much further than we imagine 	1
make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see 	1
run-of-the-filth 	0
incoherence 	0
a no-holds-barred cinematic treat . 	1
addict 	0
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject . 	0
second helpings 	1
wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching 	0
awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story 	0
up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream 	0
as generic as its title 	0
the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season 	1
that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls 	0
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it . 	1
is an ` action film ' mired in stasis 	0
of its sense of fun or energy 	1
to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson 	0
breathtakingly assured and stylish work 	1
hogwash 	0
let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , 	1
to drag on for nearly three hours 	0
tired , talky feel 	0
praise 	1
ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie 	0
the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts 	0
exquisite 	1
exasperatingly 	0
for most of the characters 	1
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy . 	0
big ending surprise 	1
if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or 	0
amazingly evocative film from three decades ago 	1
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers 	1
that the film is never dull 	1
a lackluster script 	0
stooping to base melodrama 	0
it 's a thin notion 	0
sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama 	1
he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject . 	0
a niche hit 	1
comes across as both shallow and dim-witted 	0
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , 	0
the brawn , but not 	1
mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting 	0
make for a winning , heartwarming yarn 	1
upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product 	1
counter the crudity 	0
accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people 	1
chilling , unnerving film 	1
has become the master of innuendo . 	1
unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle 	0
's soulful and unslick 	0
still serious problem 	0
a winning comedy 	1
suicide 	0
the major problem 	0
that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm 	0
the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession 	1
of passion , grief and fear 	1
the hours represents two of those well spent 	1
trouble 	0
the auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug . 	1
that 's something i would rather live in denial about 	0
the torments and angst 	0
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination 	1
to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	0
of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves 	0
the shocking conclusion 	1
deals with first love sweetly 	1
it does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain . 	0
creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance 	1
in all fairness 	1
laid-back 	1
's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself 	0
and pat storytelling 	0
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself 	1
made the original men in black such a pleasure 	1
while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own . 	1
stirring , 	1
appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , 	0
fiend 	0
pure craft 	1
pokémon 4ever is terrifying 	0
might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . 	0
that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film 	1
a grim future 	0
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and 	1
skip the film 	0
for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 	1
to sit through it again 	0
also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end 	1
a flawed human 	0
a good match 	1
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and 	0
attractive about this movie 	1
were more repulsive 	0
too long , and larded with exposition 	0
found the movie as divided against itself 	0
goodness 	1
, in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	1
taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions 	1
part of the charm of satin rouge 	1
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent 	0
that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors 	0
're on the edge of your seat 	1
from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 	0
the works of an artist 	1
edge to it 	1
significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old 	0
its director could ever have dreamed 	1
an awkwardly contrived exercise 	0
to easy feel-good sentiments 	1
, collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure 	0
if we 're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she 's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ? 	0
is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be 	1
wise and deadpan humorous . 	1
've a taste for the quirky 	1
of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least 	0
is completely lacking in charm and charisma 	0
takes big bloody chomps out of it 	0
imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread 	0
it 's provocative stuff , 	1
to accomplish what few sequels can 	1
a memorable directorial debut 	1
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script 	0
an inconclusive ending 	0
passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats . 	1
with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 	0
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . 	1
a great script brought down by lousy direction . 	0
content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool 	0
'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment . 	0
zinger-filled 	1
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and 	0
, you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub . 	0
bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 	1
murder and mayhem 	0
nearly incoherent 	0
is n't particularly assaultive 	0
that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth 	1
to a sunshine state 	1
introspective and 	1
for the tube 	0
shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . 	1
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie . 	0
of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny 	0
the rest is just an overexposed waste of film 	0
emotionally strong and 	1
wholly unnecessary 	0
keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong 	0
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , 	1
beloved 	1
transcendent performance 	1
an oscar 	1
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun . 	0
on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers 	0
, in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 	0
is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon 	1
that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow 	1
more ridiculous 	0
the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , 	1
dramatic arc 	1
an extraordinary poignancy , 	1
absurdities and 	0
multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation 	1
unoriginal 	0
that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest 	0
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment . 	0
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors 	1
take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis 	1
a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true 	0
whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau 	0
a college keg party 	0
, low-budget and tired 	0
mira sorvino 's limitations 	0
is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 	1
hostile 	0
a copout 	0
while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying 	1
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner . 	0
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here 	0
its apparent glee 	1
profanities 	0
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers 	1
surprisingly decent 	1
am baffled by jason x. 	0
it offers hope 	1
an experience that is richer than anticipated 	1
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any oscars 	0
have given this movie a rating of zero . 	0
style and humor 	1
most magical and most 	1
as deep as a petri dish 	0
of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone 	0
something for everyone 	1
it looks neat 	1
fights 	0
is meaningless , vapid and devoid 	0
it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him 	1
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash 	0
what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors 	1
the scarifying 	1
it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . 	1
strongly 	1
first mistake 	0
needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese 	1
'' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 	1
this broken character study 	0
sensitive , cultivated treatment 	1
torture and 	0
seagal 	0
little more than routine 	0
both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one 	1
shockers since the evil dead 	1
spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns 	0
the movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity 	0
's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss . 	1
of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them 	0
does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen . 	0
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure 	1
... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle . 	1
, an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . '' 	0
to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 	1
the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy 	0
to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama 	1
comes along every day 	1
always entertaining , 	1
a good natured warning 	1
succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing 	1
a fascinating part of theater history 	1
understandable 	1
feel-good movie 	1
a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 	0
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic 	0
a much better documentary 	1
's pretty stupid 	0
acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni 	0
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 	1
prevent its tragic waste of life 	0
the performances are uniformly good . 	1
the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings 	1
the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 	0
blood work is for you . 	1
into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters 	1
confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema . 	1
at times uncommonly moving 	1
helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats 	1
the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative 	1
art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema . 	1
moved by this drama 	1
survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine 	0
richly detailed 	1
'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense . 	1
simple title 	1
sewer rats 	0
the nonstop artifice 	1
i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it 	0
by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 	0
an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 	0
in the pile of useless actioners 	0
coupled with pitch-perfect acting 	1
is a dud 	0
more chaotic than entertaining 	0
in its courageousness , and comedic employment 	1
guessing at almost every turn 	1
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen 	1
offensive and 	0
that never quite gel 	0
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered 	0
if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us 	0
winning flight of revisionist fancy 	1
most ingenious 	1
maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension 	0
of inexcusable dumb innocence 	0
bliss 	1
happily 	1
- greaseballs mob action-comedy . 	0
much about the ownership and redefinition of myth 	1
too-conscientious 	0
illustrated by a winning family story . 	1
y tu mamá también is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt . 	1
are puerile 	0
a strong education and 	1
where the upbeat ending feels like a copout 	0
deeply absorbing 	1
flawless film , 	1
of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival 	1
's also disappointing to a certain degree 	0
super-stupid 	0
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating . 	0
is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair 	1
though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . 	1
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss . 	1
blacked out 	0
e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 	1
there 's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles . 	1
this romantic comedy 	1
includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' 	1
with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic 	0
for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge 	0
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling . 	0
light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat . 	1
is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	0
gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . 	1
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 	1
engagingly 	1
honest working man john q. archibald , 	1
offbeat thriller 	1
warm 	1
into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes 	1
showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything 	1
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... 	1
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill . 	1
missed opportunities . 	0
see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles 	1
rewards 	1
to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	0
low-budget constraints 	0
are fantastic . 	1
the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable 	0
emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine 	1
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . 	0
utterly pointless 	0
far too sentimental 	0
at 90 minutes this movie is short 	0
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and 	1
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title . 	1
is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time 	0
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham . 	1
what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script 	1
elevate 	1
ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving 	0
is as delightful 	1
cheap-shot mediocrity 	0
the balance between the fantastic and the believable 	1
there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all 	1
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone . 	0
an even less capable trio 	0
affirm 	1
's willing to express his convictions 	1
rare window 	0
warm and exotic . 	1
mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 	1
brings the proper conviction 	1
goes downhill . 	0
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , 	1
nothing i had n't already seen . 	0
but fun . 	1
better films 	0
a stock plot 	0
ugly , pointless , stupid 	0
hell 	0
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	1
about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera 	0
for human connection 	1
quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin 	1
as earnest as a community-college advertisement 	0
the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian 	0
into a gentle waking coma 	0
low-budget filmmaking 	0
has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship 	0
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but 	0
puzzle his most ardent fans 	0
fill the after-school slot 	0
this film 's impressive performances and adept direction 	1
an attention to detail 	1
considerable skill and determination , 	1
mainstream hollywood 	1
masterpiece . 	1
i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet . 	0
a tv episode rather than a documentary 	0
do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action . 	0
is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 	0
grumble 	0
, it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 	1
to consider the looseness of the piece 	0
no entertainment value 	0
would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 	1
are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before 	1
comes together as a coherent whole 	1
great shame 	0
thought it was going to be 	1
depressing , ruthlessly pained 	0
have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart 	1
the script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off . 	0
a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time 	0
adam watstein with finishing it at all 	1
naturally dramatic 	1
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth . 	1
the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times . 	1
's a shame 	0
audience falls asleep 	0
bledel 	1
concession stand and/or restroom 	0
best of all 	1
with a life-affirming message 	1
dough from baby boomer families 	0
that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory 	0
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film . 	0
almost bergmanesque intensity 	0
thoughtlessly 	0
that already knows it 's won 	1
is a successful one . 	1
yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . 	1
could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture 	0
the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart 	1
with lots of laughs 	1
tortured and 	0
a con artist and 	1
a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 	0
wild , endearing , masterful 	1
realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion 	1
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? 	0
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin . 	1
how far herzog has fallen 	0
are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude 	1
, iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce . 	1
're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you 	1
it 's just too dry and too placid 	0
this man so watchable 	1
signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype . 	0
really work 	1
creative interference 	1
seduce and conquer 	1
as inspiring 	1
oscar-winning 	1
too eager to please 	0
well-directed and , for all its moodiness , 	1
firing on all cylinders 	1
get at something 	1
, eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare . 	1
( danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk . 	1
an epiphany 	1
the reefs 	0
, singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn . 	0
is this so boring ? 	0
fierce competition 	1
the players do n't have a clue on the park . 	0
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- 	1
in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine 	1
honestly nice 	1
a besotted and obvious drama 	0
engaging and intimate first feature 	1
comforting fantasies 	1
your senses are as mushy as peas 	0
( macdowell ) ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is . 	0
particularly memorable or even all that funny 	0
and likeable characters 	1
their super-dooper-adorability intact 	1
a lighthearted glow 	1
a grand fart 	0
steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 	1
sly female empowerment movie 	1
crummy . 	0
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters 	0
it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 	1
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious . 	1
it 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat . 	1
, really stupid 	0
the multi-layers of its characters 	1
uninspired . 	0
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . 	0
why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery 	0
no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch . 	0
intoxicating atmosphere 	1
overall feelings , broader ideas 	1
a well-deserved reputation as one 	1
searching for its identity 	0
is about grief 	0
is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band 	1
is heartfelt and hilarious 	1
are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script 	0
does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes . 	0
excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 	1
as in the songs translate well to film 	1
benefits from serendipity 	1
in a very real and amusing give-and-take 	1
does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 	0
suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected . 	0
, smartly played and smartly directed . 	1
to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	0
detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie 	1
that will amuse or entertain them 	1
a great movie 	1
a stunning fusion of music and images 	1
their lives , loves and the art 	1
satisfying kids flck 	1
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity . 	1
sweeping and gliding 	1
both charming 	1
is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight 	1
is a refreshingly forthright one 	1
a little scattered -- ditsy 	0
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing 	0
lust 	1
the pristine camerawork 	1
satisfies , 	1
excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins 	0
conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america 	0
because we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed 	0
jackass '' fan 	1
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things . 	1
the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade 	1
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work . 	1
barely tolerable slog 	0
it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face . 	1
it plays everything too safe 	0
everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays . 	1
the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy 	0
engrossing and different 	1
will enjoy themselves . 	1
part of the fun 	1
's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar 	0
super-dooper-adorability 	1
, racist humor 	0
the legendary wit 's 	1
an ounce of honest poetry 	1
it 's worth seeing 	1
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- 	0
... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . ' 	0
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise . 	0
the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film 	0
the russian word for wow !? ' 	1
does an established filmmaker 	1
a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , 	0
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , 	1
lame entertainment 	0
took of the family vacation 	1
director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline 	1
she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 	1
eager fans 	1
's a movie that gets under your skin 	1
wastes its time on mood rather than 	0
a love song to the movies 	1
as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson 	1
it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 	1
life-embracing 	1
hastily and amateurishly 	0
by the full monty 	1
her most charmless 	0
for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats 	1
profane and exploitative 	0
seemed bored 	0
ca n't help but feel ` stoked 	1
has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence . 	1
a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety 	1
a smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie . 	0
the occasional bursts of sharp writing 	1
bottomlessly cynical 	0
can sound so dull 	0
of quiet desperation 	0
intolerable levels 	0
feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids 	1
have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood 	1
wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture 	0
truly gorgeous 	1
entirely witless and inane 	0
dying and 	0
intacto 's luckiest stroke 	1
barely defensible sexual violence 	0
the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . 	1
cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end 	0
succumbing to its own bathos 	0
funny and human and really 	1
critically insightful 	1
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . 	1
in a fresh way 	1
a successful adaptation and 	1
good performances 	1
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe 	0
us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced 	1
genuinely funny ensemble 	1
an enjoyable film 	1
is funny , charming and quirky 	1
intelligent , and 	1
are uniformly good 	1
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . 	1
work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house 	1
a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud 	1
truly magical 	1
the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then 	0
straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company . 	0
, mean-spirited lashing 	0
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors 	0
the pratfalls but little else 	0
could fail to crack a smile at 	0
biggest 	1
energetic , violent movie 	1
, the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing . 	0
frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women . 	0
that lacks juice and delight 	0
funny without hitting below the belt 	1
pristine camerawork 	1
you can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed . 	0
top-notch cast 	1
it 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team . 	1
about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days 	1
wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men . 	1
fruitful 	1
the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here 	0
an original and highly cerebral examination 	1
an emotional edge 	1
inventive directors 	1
directed with verve 	1
babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	1
is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit . 	0
is that its own action is n't very effective . 	0
my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . 	0
oddly 	0
looks elsewhere 	0
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway 	1
perfectly executed and 	1
this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama 	1
a rejected x-files episode 	0
keenest pleasures 	1
the power of poetry and passion 	1
horrors ! ) 	0
a great time 	1
compulsively watchable 	1
was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 	0
an attraction that crosses sexual identity 	1
lagaan really is enormously good fun . 	1
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings . 	1
to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch 	1
one good one 	1
find a ` literary ' filmmaking style 	0
aliens and 	1
offensive , puerile and 	0
empty , fetishistic violence 	0
this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 	0
wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars 	1
the boat loads of people who try to escape the country 	0
some of the unsung heroes of 20th century 	1
nearly as dreadful as expected 	0
its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering 	1
made him feel powerful 	1
sappy script 	0
uni-dimensional nonsense machine 	0
would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . 	0
, leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects . 	0
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon 	0
the thousands of americans who die hideously 	0
a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude 	1
the delicious pulpiness 	1
the preaching message 	0
is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation 	0
makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks . 	0
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams . 	0
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust . 	1
dubious 	0
its utter sincerity 	1
... continue to impress 	1
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy . 	1
is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . 	1
sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer 	0
a too-conscientious adaptation 	0
for historical truth and realism 	1
a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential 	1
it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` look at this ! 	1
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny 	0
one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage 	0
a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny 	0
sitting through dahmer 's two hours 	0
a gleefully grungy 	1
noble end 	0
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i 'm all for that 	1
we call the ` wow ' factor 	1
eating , sleeping and stress-reducing 	1
the paper-thin characterizations and 	0
lively songs 	1
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and 	1
wasted in it 	0
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but 	1
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare 	1
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives 	1
show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting 	0
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys 	1
's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring . 	0
inside unnecessary films 	0
problematic script 	0
pretty good overall picture 	1
for one of the worst movies of one year 	0
that trademark grin of his -- 	1
far less endearing 	0
, incomprehensible , vicious and absurd 	0
an enjoyably 	1
revenge , and romance 	1
derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining 	1
the most awful acts are committed 	0
elusive , yet inexplicably 	1
inexpressive 	0
being snared in its own tangled plot 	0
impenetrable and 	0
who die hideously 	0
plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations 	1
like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it 's never too late to learn . 	1
what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . 	0
transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film 	1
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , 	0
lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them 	0
just more of the same , 	0
the acting is amateurish 	0
profound 	1
something really good 	1
into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear 	1
sing beautifully and act adequately 	1
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story 	1
i ca n't recommend it . 	0
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive . 	0
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable 	1
an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 	1
credible 	1
good , organic character work 	1
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach 	1
a dreary tract 	0
a balanced film 	1
mixed messages , 	0
falls into the trap of pretention 	0
suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman 	0
's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated 	1
neighborhood 	1
, the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . 	1
guide a loose , poorly structured film 	0
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances . 	0
wewannour money back , actually 	0
the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less . 	1
grant 's two best films 	1
, the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods . 	1
has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have 	0
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes 	1
of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year 	1
through its hackneyed elements 	0
sketchy but nevertheless 	0
bracing 	1
offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject 	0
benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth 	1
labors as storytelling . 	0
understands how to create and sustain a mood 	1
an enthralling , 	1
hailed 	1
a gorgeous pair 	1
far-flung , illogical 	0
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast 	0
flavorless 	0
the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 	0
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , 	0
at once laughable 	0
a successful career in tv 	1
evolved from star to superstar 	1
is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . 	1
animated drivel 	0
the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . 	0
no wit , 	0
, much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 	0
like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break 	0
a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget . 	1
a remarkable piece of filmmaking 	1
be very sweet indeed 	1
applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line 	0
uncanny 	1
virtually absent 	0
dumb gags , 	0
's too long 	0
loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them 	1
are in place for a great film noir 	1
the past 20 minutes looking at your watch 	0
have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material 	0
is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . 	1
as bad 	0
something vital 	1
style massacres erupt throughout 	0
full of holes and completely lacking in chills 	0
come to term an `` ambitious failure 	0
its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) 	1
the greatest films 	1
is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy . 	1
to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 	1
assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear 	0
strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . 	1
remains fairly light , 	1
spiritual 	1
creative 	1
no reason to exist 	0
romance 	1
instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair 	1
of beautiful movement and inside information 	1
while not quite `` shrek '' or `` monsters , inc. '' , it 's not too bad . 	1
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . 	0
stupid 	0
it 's an entertaining movie , 	1
... the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ... 	1
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another 	0
the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit 	1
tight and nasty 	1
modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare . 	1
john hughes comedy 	1
that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out 	1
is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life . 	1
literary desecrations 	0
horribly depressing and not very well done 	0
ever-growing category 	1
emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook 	0
got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem 	1
maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies 	0
, groan and hiss 	0
tries to be smart 	0
uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 	0
like a fish that 's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 	0
too clichéd 	0
generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal 	1
does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . 	1
what a film can be 	1
sweet-tempered comedy 	1
relegated to the background -- a welcome step 	1
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time 	0
after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans . 	0
the film 's highlight 	1
outside the under-10 set 	0
is deeply concerned with morality 	1
his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses 	1
naipaul original 	1
full of itself 	0
, storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . 	0
of a good time for both children and parents 	1
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and 	0
ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going 	0
, songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . 	1
a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience 	1
sudsy 	0
some kid who ca n't act , only 	0
'' or `` suck '' 	0
crisper and 	1
be wholesome and subversive at the same time 	1
lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison 	0
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but 	0
a strong directorial stamp 	1
although what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films . 	1
sooooo tired 	0
the thrill of the chill 	1
an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture 	1
imagine having more fun watching a documentary 	0
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart 	1
blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves . 	0
, de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . 	1
best movies 	1
but this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better . 	0
is simple but absorbing 	1
victor rosa is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance . 	1
one of cinema 's directorial giants 	1
subscriber 	0
that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously 	0
reassuring manner 	1
always entertaining , and 	1
are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed . 	0
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 	1
cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release 	0
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , 	1
energizes 	1
busy 	0
wild comedy 	1
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera 	1
flashes of warmth and gentle humor 	1
juvenile 	0
to an aimless hodgepodge 	0
wasted 	0
as the shabby digital photography 	0
founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women 	0
with the ferocity of a frozen burrito 	0
of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience 	1
into something provocative , rich , and strange 	1
, red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . 	1
have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up 	0
has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 	0
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans 	1
molestation 	0
watch , giggle and 	1
it all unfolds predictably , 	0
favored 	1
to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies 	0
the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards 	1
woven together skilfully 	1
the big-screen scooby 	1
is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt 	1
there 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action . 	1
's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 	0
the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 	0
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny 	0
descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured 	0
captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse 	1
the self-destructiveness of many young people 	0
eloquent 	1
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances 	0
are canny and spiced with irony 	1
the charm of the first movie 	1
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 	0
a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	0
a dazzling conceptual feat 	1
even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts 	1
it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 	1
an enthralling , entertaining feature . 	1
drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 	0
sour attempt 	0
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm . 	0
this slight premise 	0
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama 	1
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible 	1
as good as the original 	1
sex and lucia is so alluring 	1
with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication 	1
succumbs to sensationalism 	1
i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . 	0
south park 	1
that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves 	0
a charming but slight comedy 	1
woefully pretentious . 	0
peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 	0
is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring 	1
disappointing 	0
the movie is a mess from start to finish . 	0
monotone narration 	0
enamored 	1
seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes 	1
slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 	0
few movies are able to accomplish 	1
with its moving story 	1
too harsh 	0
sillier , cuter , and 	1
loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful 	1
ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important 	1
the charm of kevin kline and 	1
it 's all quite tasteful to look at 	1
equal laughs 	1
would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor 	0
a bid to hold our attention 	0
a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from 	1
maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again . 	1
give performances of exceptional honesty . 	1
beauty to behold 	1
vivid as the 19th-century ones 	1
plays like some corny television 	0
darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats . 	1
of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 	0
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , 	0
believability was n't one of the film 's virtues . 	0
something both ugly and mindless 	0
this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies 	0
unreachable 	0
minor miracle 	1
boobs 	1
its creator 's comic voice 	1
that have become a spielberg trademark 	1
this movie got me grinning . 	1
is a distinct rarity , and an event . 	1
sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell 	1
which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal 	0
a beautiful , entertaining two hours 	1
astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . 	0
lasting traces 	1
... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations . 	1
's just too dry and too placid 	0
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr 	1
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ... 	1
become a major-league leading lady 	1
too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen 	0
the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest 	1
stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness 	0
smarter 	1
bring off this wild welsh whimsy . 	1
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , 	0
stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory . 	1
wonderful , ghastly 	1
given it a one-star rating 	0
ruthlessly pained 	0
never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs 	0
is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 	0
worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham 	1
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street . 	1
will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 	1
pull it back 	0
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale . 	1
almost every single facet of production 	1
the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans . 	1
psychologically savvy 	1
, some of it is honestly affecting 	1
victim to sloppy plotting 	0
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire . 	1
unexpected twists 	1
neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition 	0
strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve 	1
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt . 	1
drowning 's too good for this sucker . 	0
so gracefully 	1
carries it to unexpected heights 	1
are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film 	1
become a historically significant work 	1
slightly unfulfilled 	0
teeny-bopper set 	0
a black comedy , 	1
a lovably old-school hollywood confection 	1
what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 	0
win you over , 	1
and communicates something 	1
's hard to resist his enthusiasm , 	1
real turns 	1
when they see the joy the characters take in this creed 	1
worthless 	0
forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves 	0
a terrific date movie 	1
smart , sassy 	1
seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good 	1
is definitely worth seeing 	1
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor . 	0
is one baaaaaaaaad movie 	0
naked teenagers horror flick 	0
texture and realism 	1
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real 	0
ca n't quite live up to it 	0
finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice 	1
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . 	0
acting horribly 	0
all-night 	0
will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 	0
is just such an achievement 	1
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in ... `` my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart ... 	1
's truly deserving of its oscar nomination 	1
most depressing 	0
could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films . 	1
a fish that 's lived too long 	0
the small , human moments 	1
of the tooth and claw of human power 	1
a gentle waking coma 	0
although i did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either . 	0
paved with good intentions leads to the video store '' 	0
one of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears . 	0
the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection 	1
is a real charmer . 	1
the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady 	1
like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form . 	0
opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it 	0
the bottom tier 	0
may well 	1
its pulpy core conceit 	0
assaultive 	0
with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut 	1
strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo 	0
obvious 	0
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun . 	1
gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington 	1
resourceful 	1
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n't . 	0
worse , 	0
his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery 	1
it sucked . 	0
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 	1
this movie sucks . ' 	0
is just an overexposed waste of film 	0
wives are worse 	0
sucked 	0
pointless meditation 	0
flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 	1
wickedly funny 	1
wonderful subject 	1
gentle film 	1
nowhere fast 	0
to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	1
its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action 	0
will lead when given the opportunity 	1
worst excesses 	0
got a house full of tots -- do n't worry 	1
try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there . 	1
also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 	1
're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular 	1
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer 	0
it 's tough to watch , 	0
huge mess 	0
very well-written and very well-acted 	1
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works 	1
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king . 	0
zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos 	1
engages 	1
's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad 	0
pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia 	1
make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . 	1
an actual vietnam war combat movie 	1
retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie 	1
to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it 	1
numbing 	0
a first-class road movie that proves you 	1
it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor 	0
a slap-happy series 	1
to rank with its worthy predecessors 	1
much of what we see is horrible 	0
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations 	0
in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol 	1
a stand in favor of tradition and warmth 	1
suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters 	0
the most interesting writer/directors 	1
would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art 	1
enhances the personal touch of manual animation 	1
give it a marginal thumbs up 	1
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority . 	1
's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies 	0
featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore . 	1
foolish choices for advice 	0
old-hat province 	0
bottom-of-the-bill 	0
its questionable satirical ambivalence 	0
the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults . 	0
niches 	1
are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 	1
be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals 	0
enjoyable 	1
powerful , naturally dramatic piece 	1
too loud , too goofy and 	0
take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera . 	0
a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding 	0
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . 	0
the sick sense 	0
fat 	0
with good intentions 	1
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise 	1
not mean-spirited 	1
black hawk down and we 	1
too campy to work as straight drama and 	0
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it . 	0
sophisticated in the worst way 	0
a likable story 	1
exceedingly 	1
vapid and 	0
while the last metro ) was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history . 	1
are breathtaking 	1
is no substitute for on-screen chemistry 	0
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor . 	0
often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication 	1
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated 	0
like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle 	1
these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective 	1
cold , calculated exercise 	0
build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman 	1
's gone to manhattan and hell 	1
may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness 	1
... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 	1
the flat dialogue 	0
also nice 	1
is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own . 	0
's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal 	1
sillier , cuter 	1
is hard to care 	0
sorriest 	0
animation enthusiasts of all ages 	1
a rather brilliant little cult item 	1
an intense and effective film 	1
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , 	1
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots 	1
the world 's best actors , 	1
neo-augustinian theology : is god 	1
really funny 	1
a laughable -- 	0
shortcomings 	0
thrills , too many flashbacks and 	0
it 's an entertaining movie 	1
the film 's cheeky charm 	1
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky . 	1
lead a group of talented friends 	1
the grade as tawdry trash 	0
the things that made the first one charming 	1
serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it . 	0
way to entertain or inspire its viewers 	1
the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent 	0
stale and clichéd to a fault 	0
crafted import 	1
to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	0
fascinating character study 	1
xerox of other , better crime movies 	1
, pointless , stupid 	0
lacking 	0
nationwide blight 	0
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture . 	1
charming in comedies like american pie and 	1
very interesting and 	1
a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore . 	0
powerful , inflammatory film 	1
lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material 	0
spare dialogue and 	1
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight 	0
beginning with the pale script 	0
's just brilliant in this . 	1
have tremendous chemistry 	1
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and 	1
of a been-there , done-that sameness 	0
nails hard - 	1
moves between heartbreak and rebellion 	1
's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening 	0
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film 	1
, the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . 	1
the salton sea has moments of inspired humor , though every scrap is of the darkest variety . 	1
eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 	1
has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection 	1
offer some modest amusements 	1
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 	1
that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	0
through some of clancy 's holes 	1
is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky 	0
but they fascinate in their recklessness . 	1
a modestly surprising movie 	1
's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . 	0
seem genuine rather than pandering 	1
offers hope 	1
in its splendor 	1
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace . 	0
his best screen 	1
have . 	1
falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions 	0
with its subjects 	1
give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) 	0
the utter authority of a genre gem 	1
it 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary . 	0
illuminating study 	1
pat storylines 	0
their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact 	1
black urban professionals 	0
to induce sleep than fright 	0
utter loss 	0
light the candles , bring out the cake 	1
out-of-kilter character 	0
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . 	1
standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull 	0
's as good 	1
is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us 	0
general boorishness 	0
would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 	0
to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life 	0
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , 	0
superficial characters 	0
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . 	0
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five . 	1
mostly believable 	1
stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage 	0
concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn 	1
love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . 	1
powerful and satisfying 	1
uneven performances and 	0
its compassionate spirit 	1
very little story or character 	0
have rarely seen 	1
, heartwarming film 	1
a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime 	0
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) . 	1
is not it 	0
hold dear about cinema , 	1
is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense 	1
is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events 	1
the kind of obnoxious 	0
has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos 	0
uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth 	0
reopens an interesting controversy and 	1
exciting new filmmaker 	1
really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets 	0
whether or not you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . 	1
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision 	1
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , 	1
action-packed an experience 	1
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression . 	1
a feat 	1
`` catch me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . 	1
michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal 	1
find anything to get excited about on this dvd 	0
mishmash . 	0
i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned . 	1
, i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 	0
it does n't make for great cinema 	0
also seems to play on a 10-year delay 	0
its director 's most substantial feature for some time . 	1
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster 	1
of loss 	0
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message . 	1
there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour 	0
sentimental chick-flicks 	1
is , quite pointedly , 	1
addition to scoring high for originality of plot 	1
holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers 	1
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . 	1
sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams . 	0
is instructive 	1
is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep 	1
is out of his league 	0
wildly incompetent 	0
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , 	1
just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded 	1
a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion 	1
the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill 	0
uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization 	1
the mood for an intelligent weepy 	1
take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story 	1
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense 	1
duvall 's throbbing sincerity and 	1
a film in a class with spike lee 's masterful do the right thing . 	1
smoother 	1
this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists 	1
that grips and holds you in rapt attention from 	1
been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout 	0
sickening product placement 	0
simply intrusive 	0
he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor 	0
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way 	0
to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us 	1
if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure 	0
a story about intelligent high school 	1
finely crafted 	1
fails on its own 	0
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 	1
be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable 	0
's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon 	1
distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up 	0
yet , it still works . 	1
has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil 	1
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp 	0
extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability . 	1
, sorrow , laugther , and tears 	1
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before 	1
yet depressing 	0
time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it 	1
is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same 	1
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies 	1
expected it to be 	0
need to try very hard 	0
benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing 	1
talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate 	1
gets drawn into the party . 	1
just dreadful 	0
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) 	1
does her best 	1
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded . 	0
a lot of stamina and vitality 	1
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but 	0
as the scruffy sands of its titular community 	0
seeing himself in the other , 	1
evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits 	0
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper 	0
does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously 	0
its ability to shock and amaze 	1
make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore 	0
quite a comedy nor 	1
of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name 	0
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places 	1
cleverly constructed scenario 	1
consumed by lust and love 	1
has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 	0
unoriginal run 	0
, it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at . 	0
fascinating documentary 	1
gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels 	1
, often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy 	1
is a good one 	1
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers 	0
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation 	0
a film that suffers because of its many excesses . 	0
a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe . 	1
is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract . 	0
was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal 	1
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows . 	0
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 	0
of the best looking and stylish 	1
little fuss or noise 	0
like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy than a half-hearted fluke . 	0
a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough 	1
visual hideousness 	0
a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition 	0
who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach 	0
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 	1
leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated 	0
of you-are-there immediacy 	1
sterling ensemble cast 	1
a charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface . 	1
reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success . 	1
up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah 	0
has usually 	1
show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . 	1
's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos 	0
holocaust escape story 	1
seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory . 	0
a good yarn 	1
more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air 	1
, the effect comes off as self-parody . 	0
it counts heart as important as humor 	1
a touching drama about old age and grief 	1
lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context 	0
too loud , too goofy and too short 	0
it 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts . 	1
work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon 	0
the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	1
a rather toothless take 	0
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should . 	1
addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic 	1
does a disservice to the audience and to the genre 	0
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening . 	1
treats us to an aimless hodgepodge 	0
of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film 	0
picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film 	1
a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light 	1
is surprisingly refreshing 	1
is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story 	1
can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down 	0
laughs at how clever it 's being . 	1
about issues most adults have to face in marriage 	1
a coherent rhythm going 	1
a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre 	1
stabs 	0
and artistically inept 	0
one-of-a-kind work 	1
happy hour 	1
's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni . 	1
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues 	1
could have been crisper and punchier , 	0
sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time 	1
the cinematic equivalent of high humidity 	0
completely honest , open-hearted film 	1
take notice 	1
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh . 	1
plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up 	0
( t ) he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation . 	0
the intentionally low standards 	0
as often imaginative 	1
those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness 	0
a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded 	1
laziest 	0
a true-blue delight . 	1
writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon . 	0
marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich 	1
are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks 	0
's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 	1
overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption 	0
fresh , entertaining comedy 	1
with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . 	0
never change . 	1
with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships 	1
will have a great time 	1
, slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 	1
intelligent 	1
's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family 	0
candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand 	1
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... 	0
back-stabbing , inter-racial desire 	0
are nowhere near 	0
ended up in a movie this bad 	0
somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . 	1
a weirdly beautiful place 	1
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing . 	1
the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . 	0
i liked about schmidt a lot , 	1
does n't work as either . 	0
low-budget affair 	0
that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady 	1
unaware 	0
contrived situations 	0
have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 	0
spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together . 	0
surehanded direction 	1
very slow , uneventful 	0
in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is 	0
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead . 	0
style and mystification 	1
skunk 	0
brosnan 's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 	0
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore . 	0
sophisticated and 	1
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller . 	1
in a more ambitious movie 	1
cliched dialogue 	0
the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . 	0
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is 	0
is n't nearly as funny 	0
humorous and 	1
her considerable talents 	1
lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 	0
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . 	0
is barely an hour long . 	0
riveted 	1
muck 	0
a far bigger , far more meaningful story 	1
a complex psychological drama 	1
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and 	0
all excited about a chocolate eclair 	1
will be lulled into a coma . 	0
dumb , narratively chaotic 	0
a sense of real magic , perhaps . 	1
breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry 	1
gaining most of its unsettling force 	1
dead-end distaste 	0
wonderfully 	1
this ill-conceived and expensive project 	0
cross between xxx and vertical limit . 	1
funny , subtle , and resonant 	1
exhausted 	0
of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics 	0
thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time 	0
invulnerable as its trademark villain 	1
is about something very interesting and odd that 	1
of the credit for the film 's winning tone 	1
best and most mature 	1
described as a ghost story gone badly awry 	0
insightfully written , delicately performed 	1
interest onscreen 	1
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary 	1
a dreadful day in irish history 	0
conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 	0
it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual 	1
worked better as a one-hour tv documentary 	0
is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience 	1
that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast 	0
the ideas tie together beautifully 	1
quite a nosedive 	0
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but 	1
a splendid meal 	1
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen 	1
is a gem 	1
bad in a major movie 	0
come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music 	1
, it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise . 	0
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but 	0
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but 	0
hilarious 	1
all seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk . 	0
, light treat 	1
also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes 	1
its lack of purpose 	0
adolescents will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . ' 	1
places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective 	1
a selection of scenes in search of a movie 	0
less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations 	0
meshes in this elegant entertainment 	1
're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol 	0
promising 	1
seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow 	0
the all-too-familiar dramatic arc 	0
anchored by splendid performances 	1
just a bunch of good actors 	1
of attraction and interdependence 	1
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 	0
the gorgeously elaborate continuation 	1
fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film . 	1
else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie 	0
is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks 	1
mundane 	0
sinister happy ending 	1
all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters 	1
a hilarious place to visit 	1
the engaging , 	1
entertaining comedy 	1
britney spears ' phoniness 	0
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump 	0
the film has an infectious enthusiasm 	1
is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out 	1
seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business 	0
of awakening and ripening 	1
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man 	1
what it was that made the story relevant in the first place 	0
, at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 	1
stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it 	0
walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . 	1
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project 	1
good , sonny 	1
the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm 	0
hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism 	0
delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride 	1
one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and 	0
-- not the first , by the way -- 	0
, the director 's experiment is a successful one . 	1
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue . 	0
about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season . 	0
surprisingly refreshing 	1
written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit 	1
none of them memorable 	0
as an entertainment destination for the general public 	1
such an excellent job 	1
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them 	1
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic 	1
more fascinating look 	1
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining . 	1
a fine , focused piece of work 	1
continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means . 	1
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane . 	0
unmotivated 	0
did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side . 	0
utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . 	1
lumbering 	0
breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill 	1
does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie 	0
are masterfully controlled 	1
is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul 	1
ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor 	1
stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . 	0
a sleek advert for youthful anomie 	1
as ' a perfect family film 	1
finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers 	0
hard to say who might enjoy this 	0
a successful example 	1
of familial separation and societal betrayal 	1
great credit 	1
loneliness and isolation 	0
are wasted in it 	0
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor . 	0
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels . 	0
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie 	1
a few tasty morsels 	1
highly gifted 12-year-old 	1
blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 	0
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime 	0
comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation 	0
a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival 	1
a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off 	0
may not be pleased 	0
it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't . 	0
anti- 	0
lacks it . 	0
oral storytelling frozen onto film 	1
that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans 	0
but quietly effective 	1
into a dullard 	0
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized . 	0
the princess seem smug and cartoonish 	0
are funny 	1
characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	0
hard to make the most of a bumper 	0
terrific as rachel 	1
can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo 	1
really stupid 	0
ryan gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor . 	1
guilt-trip 	0
, you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours 	1
two hours of junk . 	0
human drama 	1
it jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier . 	0
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages 	1
modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up 	0
far more interested in gross-out humor 	0
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film . 	1
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage 	0
're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 	1
tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape . 	0
very top 	1
sinks 	0
an uninspired preachy and clichéd war 	0
keep this from being a complete waste of time 	0
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . 	1
's good enough to be the purr 	1
is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . 	0
the smartest 	1
as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided 	0
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film 	0
unlikable , 	0
up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars 	1
an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits 	1
left on a remote shelf indefinitely 	0
a return to pure disney 	1
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well . 	1
is phenomenal , especially the women 	1
undercuts its charm 	0
it 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it 	0
larger-than-life figure 	1
thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book 	0
rare and riveting 	1
a family film 	1
elegant visual sense 	1
are worth the price of admission 	1
of being a good documentarian 	1
very predictable but still entertaining 	1
a christmas perennial 	1
depressing story 	0
meticulous talent 	1
called freddy gets molested by a dog 	0
solid performances 	1
genuinely funny jokes 	1
is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . 	1
have finally aged past his prime ... 	1
do n't judge this one too soon 	1
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen 	1
rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes . 	1
consistently funny . 	1
animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers 	1
a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views . 	1
should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike 	1
ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . 	0
its occasional charms are not to be dismissed . 	1
be over 	1
the euphoria of growing up 	1
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us 	1
has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	1
wince in embarrassment and others , 	0
on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about 	0
that never catches fire 	0
offensive 	0
it 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies . 	1
celebrate 	1
deepest recesses 	0
as good , if not better 	1
throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 	1
quite tasty and inviting all the same 	1
movies , television and the theater 	1
irony-free 	1
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ... 	1
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and 	1
its absurdity 	0
hates 	0
most fascinating stories 	1
fragmentary narrative style 	0
's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe 	0
of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year 	1
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch 	0
is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material . 	0
it 's an effort to watch this movie , 	0
rapid-fire delivery 	1
makes up for with its heart 	1
effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles 	1
it takes chances that are bold by studio standards 	1
opened it up for all of us to understand 	1
imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned 	0
a worthy substitute 	1
in tatters 	0
no , even that 's too committed . 	0
falling short as a whole 	0
there is no foundation for it 	0
is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live . 	0
've got a huge mess 	0
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup 	0
complete waste 	0
brow 	1
there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie 	1
snooze 	0
so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines 	0
sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty 	1
handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly . 	0
too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book 	0
manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance 	0
flimsy 	0
offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed 	0
sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once 	0
people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 . 	0
unique and entertaining 	1
sadly 	0
it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows . 	0
if it pushes its agenda too forcefully 	0
its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places 	0
mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay 	1
to the always hilarious meara and levy 	1
create and sustain 	1
one of our best actors 	1
beacon of hope 	1
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film 	1
about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery 	1
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie 	1
look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices . 	1
such a fine idea 	1
his lack of self-awareness 	0
astonish 	1
the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired 	0
, there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . 	1
, the last kiss is really all about performances . 	1
and small delights 	1
it 's up to ( watts ) to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and 	1
hubristic folly 	0
as a piece of storytelling 	1
a few nice twists in a standard plot 	1
fascinating than the results 	1
it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won . 	0
get inside you 	1
bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 	0
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of . 	0
's still a sweet , even delectable diversion 	1
death to smoochy is often very funny , 	1
downfall 	0
've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material 	0
it throws you for a loop . 	1
something provocative , 	1
the horrifying historical reality 	0
assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan . 	1
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique 	1
is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things 	0
surprisingly similar 	0
goodfellas 	1
electrocute and dismember 	0
on both suspense and payoff 	1
passionate 	1
in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you 	0
give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , 	0
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell 	0
is downright movie penance 	1
giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 	0
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill 	1
its greatest play 	1
are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy 	0
akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material 	0
the most amazing super-sized dosage 	1
... wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams . 	1
coppola 's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . 	1
you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 	0
it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 	0
reworks 	1
is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 	0
the transcendent performance 	1
folds under its own thinness 	0
exceptional thriller 	1
gripping and compelling 	1
ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here 	0
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs . 	1
tsai 's usual style and themes 	1
bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics 	1
its inventiveness 	1
guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face 	1
crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance 	1
one of the most original american productions this year 	1
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie 	1
a ship as leaky 	0
finds a nice rhythm . 	1
dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 	0
is hell 	0
deserves recommendation 	1
then again , subtlety has never been his trademark 	0
my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart 	1
a child 's interest and 	1
although olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two . 	1
possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio . 	0
high-powered 	1
an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre 	1
could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction 	0
they turn out to be delightfully compatible here 	1
, you 'll have a good time with this one too 	1
aims so low 	0
of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio 	0
the hell 	0
unrelenting bleak insistence 	0
wild ride '' 	1
, wannabe-hip crime comedy 	0
ingeniously 	1
that the less charitable might describe as a castrated 	0
marks a modest if encouraging return 	1
incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except 	0
hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles 	1
of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop 	0
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar . 	0
ca n't remember a single name responsible for it 	0
then the film is a pleasant enough dish . 	1
is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it 	0
bring out joys in our lives that we never knew 	1
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less 	1
, and fearlessness 	1
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being 	1
is often preachy and 	0
is clever 	1
as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe 	0
gets off with a good natured warning 	1
though writer/director bart freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance . 	1
is worth your time 	1
, fun , curiously adolescent movie 	1
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so 	1
's an entertaining movie 	1
how horrible we are to ourselves and each other 	0
done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age 	1
except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams 	0
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast 	1
an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger 	1
susan sarandon 	1
very valuable 	1
a nice cool glass of iced tea 	1
could n't help but 	0
would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . '' 	0
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo 	1
only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 	1
complex , unpredictable character 	1
visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid 	0
on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis 	1
means a great movie 	1
done cinematically 	1
not smart or barbed enough for older viewers 	0
mostly believable , 	1
a personal low for everyone involved 	0
a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state . 	0
is so warm and fuzzy 	1
of the current political climate 	0
clearly see the world of our making . 	1
falls back 	0
a disaster of a story , 	0
know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . 	0
dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	1
deserving of its critical backlash and more 	0
to the core 	1
it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made . 	1
which is way too stagy 	0
really what we demand of the director 	1
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task . 	1
whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity . 	1
by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness 	0
is n't even halfway 	0
begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot 	0
are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next . 	1
this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time 	1
gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside 	1
my indignant , preemptive departure 	0
even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 	1
no quarter 	0
marshall keeps the energy humming , and 	1
all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas 	1
far closer than many movies 	1
, swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . 	1
`` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme 	1
some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma 	0
a music scene that transcends culture and race 	1
ruined by amateurish 	0
a solid , well-formed satire 	1
would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi . 	0
corporate circus 	0
lethally dull 	0
one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history 	0
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . 	0
south korea 's 	0
as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be 	0
it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it 	1
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome 	0
this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy 	0
, at times sublime , 	1
introspective and entertaining 	1
's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair 	1
understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing 	0
there 's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance . 	0
disappointing 	0
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement . 	1
no particularly memorable effect 	0
a blip 	0
that makes his films so memorable 	1
there 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right . 	0
said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise 	0
a feature-length film 	1
write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody 	1
good fun 	1
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 	0
fashioned an absorbing look 	1
not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 	0
but what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script . 	1
equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 	1
's a funny no-brainer 	1
do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time 	1
amateurishly 	0
the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe . 	0
in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings 	1
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation . 	1
the upper echelons of the directing world 	1
clueless and inept 	0
an interested detachment 	1
frustratingly unconvincing 	0
tiresome ugliness 	0
form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare . 	1
did n't talk down to them 	1
very few laughs and even less surprises 	0
discovered , indulged in 	1
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time . 	0
a little bit of romance and a dose 	1
's so poorly 	0
there 's something about mary and both american pie movies 	1
, fun cheese puff 	1
suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life 	1
all the mounting tension of an expert thriller 	1
colorful look 	1
fluttering 	1
wonderful 	1
directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways . 	1
is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree 	1
about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	0
reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things . 	1
longer exposition sequences between them 	0
gasping at its visual delights 	1
and civic action laudable 	1
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance 	1
after the death of a child 	0
a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 	0
, spielberg knows how to tell us about people . 	1
what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art 	0
giant step backward 	0
that a feel-good movie can still show real heart 	1
an impeccable study in perversity . 	1
slurs 	0
are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 	1
ebullient affection 	1
so much farcical as sour . 	0
hard-hitting documentary 	1
brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him 	1
sometimes hilarious ) 	1
find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted 	0
attracting audiences to unfaithful 	1
such a mesmerizing one 	1
crematorium 	0
defies expectation 	1
remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking 	1
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away . 	1
's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen . 	0
less a movie than ) 	0
the devastation 	0
that miss 	0
plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder . 	0
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and 	0
greatest musicians 	1
stinks from start 	0
, movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . 	0
just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it 	1
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was . 	1
's so not-at-all-good 	0
it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors 	1
is laughingly enjoyable 	1
to one of those ignorant 	0
mixed results 	0
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and 	0
there are laughs aplenty 	1
while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think . 	1
adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay 	1
irrelevancy 	0
a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle 	1
shot like a postcard and 	0
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag . 	0
best screen 	1
as shallow entertainment 	0
gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience 	1
memorable experience 	1
knows , and very likely 	1
convinced that these women are spectacular 	1
's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss 	0
this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . 	1
a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families 	0
assert 	0
silly 	1
have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 	0
timid 	0
denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film 	1
the illusion of work is than actual work 	1
`` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings 	1
an undeniable energy 	1
plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme . 	0
is spooky and subtly 	1
, and funny 	1
the beauty and power of the opera 	1
is that it does n't make any sense . 	0
sometimes tedious 	0
funny , moving 	1
teetering on the edge of sanity 	0
exists , 	1
ca n't rescue this effort 	0
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies . 	1
imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one 	0
whimsicality , 	1
's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 	0
, letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 	1
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull 	0
, american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . 	0
, the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller . 	1
as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all . 	0
-- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified 	1
only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy 	0
responsible 	1
clever 	1
sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys . 	1
offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 	1
the highs and lows 	1
look sophisticated 	1
why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . 	0
his passion 	1
nice , harmless date film 	1
'' astounds . 	1
memorable and 	1
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles 	0
makes as much of a mess as this one 	0
different ( and better ) 	1
spicy 	1
a dramatic slap 	0
the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught . 	0
of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential 	0
... it feels like a glossy rehash . 	0
been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 	0
just seem like a bad idea from frame one 	0
be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year 	0
a delicately crafted film 	1
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . 	1
while the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . 	0
to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation 	1
by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades 	1
tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell 	0
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains 	1
dull and ankle-deep 	0
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally 	1
aimless , arduous 	0
a screenplay to die for 	1
its objective portrait 	1
're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . 	1
but only among those who are drying out from spring break 	0
metal , fireballs and revenge 	1
insignificance 	0
find an enthusiastic audience 	1
remarkable amount 	1
fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 	1
with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch 	1
as it is interminable 	0
reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . 	1
it 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . 	0
an often intense character study about fathers 	1
romantic comedy with a fresh point of view 	1
most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure 	1
and educational ! 	1
to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits . 	0
a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection 	1
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely 	0
rehashes 	0
is a little scattered -- ditsy , 	0
laughter 	1
loses its sense of humor 	0
they used to anymore 	1
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny 	1
affirming 	1
as we 	1
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product . 	0
's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long 	0
flavor and spice 	1
a beguiling evocation 	1
impish divertissement 	0
a delicious crime drama on par 	1
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 	1
leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends 	0
realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital 	1
you 're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol 	0
injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . 	1
understands the workings of its spirit 	1
first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan 	1
just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . 	1
's black hawk down with more heart 	1
enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess 	1
enormously enjoyable 	1
a moving and stark reminder 	1
well-meaning , beautifully produced film 	1
's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers 	1
ponderous and 	0
to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story 	1
in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it 	0
last-place basketball 	0
do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	0
playful and 	1
a child 's pain 	0
most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain 	0
bluer than the atlantic 	0
of the week blown up for the big screen 	0
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power . 	1
three words : thumbs friggin ' down 	0
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still . 	0
is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight 	0
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , 	1
ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous 	0
sinks . 	0
, it does so without compromising that complexity . 	1
stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours 	0
feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama . 	0
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension 	1
, then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . 	0
, with a solid cast , 	1
's relentlessly folksy 	0
is never especially clever and 	0
achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions 	1
a treatise on spirituality 	1
determination and the human spirit 	1
from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 	0
slight to be called any kind of masterpiece 	0
succeeds in making neither 	0
even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 	0
a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast 	0
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . ' 	0
the beauty 	1
has done the nearly impossible 	1
increasingly implausible as it 	0
see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside 	0
a medium-grade network sitcom -- 	0
comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film 	0
, i 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time . 	1
new movie rapes 	0
a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films 	1
still feels counterproductive 	0
more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm . 	1
ayres makes the right choices at every turn 	1
a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions 	0
sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material 	1
( herzog 's ) personal policy 	1
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness 	0
dramatic 	1
a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break 	0
relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs 	0
for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half . 	1
self-caricature 	0
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things . 	1
designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus 	0
it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking 	0
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , 	0
hilariously wicked black comedy ... 	1
be more complex than your average film 	1
ideal outlet 	1
despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 	1
bother watching past the second commercial break 	0
deadly bore 	0
intimate and intelligent 	1
yet i found it weirdly appealing 	1
a fun adventure movie 	1
martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline . 	0
immaculate 	1
know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . 	0
's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence 	1
delightful . 	1
to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images 	1
is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter 	1
increasingly important film industry 	1
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is 	0
drying out 	0
that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality 	1
lets the pictures do the punching 	1
brutal and funny 	1
perry 's good 	1
did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 	0
sloppily written 	0
some special qualities 	1
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays . 	0
's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters 	1
schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch 	0
something fresh to say 	1
of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists 	1
who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us 	1
such confidence 	1
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller 	1
, maudlin and cliche-ridden 	0
a great performance and 	1
fulfill 	1
dead bodies 	0
guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters 	1
rock solid family fun out of the gates 	1
the worst sense 	0
like a fragment of an underdone potato 	0
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? 	0
wasting away 	0
inventing 	1
would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ? 	0
bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy 	0
acclaim 	1
pushiness and decibel volume 	0
of the painstaking 	0
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love 	1
never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier 	0
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage 	1
is good 	1
of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	1
you can actually feel good 	1
itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 	0
hilariously 	1
a summertime look-see 	1
is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie 	0
pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism 	0
you live the mood rather than savor the story . 	1
phony humility 	0
you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood 	0
wastes an exceptionally good idea 	0
does n't cut it 	0
above the rest 	1
it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz 	0
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations 	0
may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie . 	0
is a tired one , 	0
treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects 	0
carry the film 	1
a worthless film 	0
at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten 	0
round out the square edges . 	1
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film . 	0
to hate it 	0
absorbs all manner of lame entertainment 	1
eerily 	1
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work . 	0
seedy clash 	0
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick . 	0
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . 	0
payne has created a beautiful canvas 	1
are the greatest musicians of all time . 	1
labored writing and slack direction 	0
the old mib label stands for milder is n't better . 	0
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess . 	0
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career 	0
makes a wonderful subject for the camera . 	1
the quirky 	1
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , 	1
as a mechanical apparatus 	1
imaginatively 	1
emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective 	1
for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound 	0
blasphemous and nonsensical 	0
a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy 	0
ranks as the most original in years 	1
are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away 	1
) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment 	1
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . 	1
ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 	1
's the perfect cure for insomnia . 	0
recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it . 	1
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 	0
in making me groggy 	0
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack . 	1
's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese 	0
of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes 	0
food-spittingly 	1
on top 	1
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots 	1
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title . 	1
city by the sea would slip under the waves . 	0
are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking 	1
patchy 	0
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag 	0
ill-considered notion 	0
it 's easy to love robin tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices . 	0
might describe as a castrated 	0
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and 	0
no trouble sitting for blade ii 	1
it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story 	1
considered career-best performances 	1
a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see 	0
the film is extremely thorough . 	1
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie 	1
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light 	1
farts , urine , feces , semen , or 	0
jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval . 	0
exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 	1
above the level of a telanovela 	0
, it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work . 	0
been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up 	0
a glimmer of intelligence or invention 	1
the trap of the maudlin or tearful 	0
a vampire soap opera that does n't make much 	0
provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway 	1
letdown 	0
jeunet 	1
has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) 	1
a small movie with a big heart . 	1
one that should be thrown back in the river 	0
trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	0
are fantasti 	1
a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music 	1
wise and deadpan 	1
no , it 's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels . 	1
surprisingly romantic 	1
, the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 	1
in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . 	0
this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , 	0
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality . 	1
fragmented film 	0
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones 	1
attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire 	0
appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . 	1
equilibrium becomes a concept doofus 	0
boredom 	0
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 	1
is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood . 	1
a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce 	1
fun and 	1
's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts 	0
works on no level whatsoever for me 	0
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high . 	1
exceedingly pleasant 	1
unflinching look 	1
about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure 	1
of new inspiration in it 	1
predictable storyline and 	0
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema . 	1
postcard perfect 	1
that did not figure out a coherent game 	0
's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest 	1
recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 	0
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and 	1
it 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages . 	1
who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings 	1
lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	1
otherwise excellent film 	1
the biggest problem with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything . 	0
when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen 	1
had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters 	0
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks . 	0
the goo 	0
within the seas of their personalities 	1
follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 	0
the chatter 	1
harsh 	0
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence 	0
strong 	1
their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary 	0
in this marvelous film 	1
, there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 	0
this a remarkable and novel concept 	1
first and 	0
nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks . 	0
of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while 	1
monstrous 	0
somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles 	0
delivered in low-key style 	1
candid , archly funny 	1
any redeeming value whatsoever 	0
does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez 	0
goes right 	1
starts out with tremendous promise , 	1
has humor and heart and very talented young actors 	1
does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along 	0
about their budding amours 	1
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride . 	1
can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure 	1
a powerful sequel and 	1
all great films about a life you never knew existed 	1
we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , 	0
is n't funny . 	0
you-are-there immediacy 	1
it 's propelled by the acting 	1
your interest , your imagination , your empathy 	1
is a former film editor 	1
a riveting , brisk delight 	1
is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children 	0
sweet and 	1
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and 	0
whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 	1
a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 	1
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . 	1
about as inspiring 	0
keen eye , 	1
oblivious 	0
depress you about life itself 	0
there is a real subject here , and 	1
a sharp and quick documentary 	1
oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . 	1
on intimate relationships 	1
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment . 	1
to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks 	0
unambitious 	0
straight to video 	0
in its characterizations 	1
no wrong 	1
is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level . 	0
limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy 	0
almost entirely witless and inane , 	0
like schindler 's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 	0
special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest 	0
vain for a movie 	0
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies 	1
it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable 	1
75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie 	0
, the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey 	1
, it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . 	1
's much to recommend the film . 	1
the art direction is often exquisite , and 	1
winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it . 	0
the worst films 	0
this film , which may be why it works as well as it does 	1
celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . 	0
its unerring respect for them 	1
true talent 	1
with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor 	1
peak 	1
succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . 	0
is never dull 	1
is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run . 	0
accept it as life and 	0
a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium . 	0
it can not even be dubbed hedonistic 	0
not to mention absolutely refreshed . 	1
said to squander jennifer love hewitt 	0
a single good film 	1
see nothing in it 	0
explode 	1
care 	1
interesting effort 	1
, schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 	0
of its plot contrivances 	0
that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition 	0
something awfully deadly 	0
ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative 	0
grinds itself out 	0
receive 	1
any other kind of intelligent humor 	1
a muddle 	0
comes off as self-parody . 	0
jay russell 	0
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but 	1
a really special walk in the woods 	1
, this nervy oddity , like modern art should . 	1
bland animated sequel 	0
in constant fits of laughter 	1
emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment . 	0
that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood 	1
unlike ( scorsese 's mean streets ) , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . 	0
getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera 	0
be the only one laughing at his own joke 	0
gives hollywood sequels a bad name 	0
makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . 	0
`` austin powers in goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 	1
achieving some honest insight into relationships 	1
one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	1
their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger 	1
that suck the audience in 	1
energy and wit 	1
real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is 	1
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it 	1
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company 	1
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- 	1
dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue 	0
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill 	0
is bright and flashy in all the right ways 	1
imponderably stilted 	0
of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey 	0
both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters 	1
to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen 	1
for sick and demented humor 	0
with a philosophical visual coming right 	1
casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 	0
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching 	1
is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story 	1
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds . 	0
giggles 	1
is that it 's actually watchable . 	1
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . 	0
's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch 	0
mean-spirited second half 	0
, it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . 	0
marvel again 	1
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . 	1
everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	0
story is almost an afterthought 	0
did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on 	0
quite tasteful to look at 	1
a deft pace master 	1
with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically 	1
best little 	1
simone is not a bad film . 	1
precious new star wars movie 	1
that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 	0
my loved ones 	1
skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional 	1
radioactive hair 	1
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . 	1
looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it 	0
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative 	0
to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 	0
is small in scope , yet perfectly formed 	1
i thoroughly enjoyed the love story 	1
romp pile 	0
grows on you 	1
's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say 	1
the movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . ' 	0
humorless , self-conscious art drivel 	0
arch and rather cold-blooded comedy 	0
the film buzz and whir ; 	1
why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing 	0
disgusted 	0
a genre that 's already a joke in the united states . 	0
is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing 	0
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth . 	0
it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 	1
beautifully shot , but 	1
infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent 	1
as offensive 	0
too many story lines 	0
a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save . 	0
a discreet moan 	0
this is a heartfelt story 	1
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and 	1
this little $ 1.8 million charmer 	1
easy to swallow , 	1
has been made with an enormous amount of affection 	1
a kind of perpetual pain 	0
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and 	1
might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ? 	0
venture forth 	1
visually captivating . 	1
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures 	1
, signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 	1
a first-class road movie 	1
her good looks 	1
biographical melodramas 	1
lacking any sense of commitment to or 	0
's meandering , low on energy , and too eager 	0
to be seen as hip , winking social commentary 	1
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 	1
there 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . 	0
good guy 	1
a very good film 	1
stultifying 	0
great premise 	1
to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 	0
a summer 	1
scuzzy 	0
draws you 	1
would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed 	0
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , 	0
the sketchiest 	0
the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low 	0
left me feeling refreshed and hopeful 	1
intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular 	1
hollow tribute 	0
to proceed as the world implodes 	0
good-natured fun 	1
hunky has-been 	0
is serene , the humor wry and sprightly 	1
derailed by bad writing 	0
plus 	1
neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear 	0
surprisingly charming and even witty match 	1
the most severe kind 	0
the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment . 	1
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 	0
pretty unbelievable 	0
it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . 	0
touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport 	1
good action , 	1
remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written 	1
too damn weird 	0
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- 	1
defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome 	0
lightweight female empowerment 	0
should catch this imax offering . 	1
catching solely on its visual merits 	1
i liked about schmidt a lot 	1
painful improbability 	0
to see how far herzog has fallen 	0
as dahmer 	0
( seems ) even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels . 	0
had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny 	0
the elements were all there 	1
overdone 	0
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality 	0
has created a brilliant motion picture 	1
a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic 	0
has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone . 	0
for a winning , heartwarming yarn 	1
whimsicality , narrative discipline 	1
drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés 	0
lighting effects and innovative backgrounds 	1
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	0
any of these despicable characters 	0
the rotting underbelly 	0
yet , it must be admitted 	0
charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent 	1
lovably 	1
will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 	0
, and among the best films of the year . 	1
a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view 	1
seriously dumb characters , 	0
the burning sensation 	1
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice . 	1
martha enormously endearing 	1
disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling 	0
the performances are amiable and committed , and 	1
fixating 	1
sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story 	1
while bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't . 	1
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish 	1
it 's hardly a necessary enterprise . 	0
it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down . 	0
riveting 	1
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment . 	1
with the inescapable conclusion 	1
notorious rise 	1
satisfyingly scarifying , 	1
to have their kids 	1
could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 	0
abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them 	0
the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy 	0
makes it a party worth attending . 	1
disgusting to begin with 	0
that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters 	0
as imaginative as one might have hoped 	1
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't be disappointed . 	1
due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment 	0
is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice 	0
bugged me 	0
can tolerate leon barlow 	0
british comedy . 	1
the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible 	1
was worse . 	0
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 	0
off too far 	0
is so charmless and vacant 	0
is far from disappointing 	1
draws its considerable power from simplicity . 	1
smoochy 	1
delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . 	1
of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	1
drag it down to mediocrity -- 	0
of the greatest date movies in years 	1
too predictably 	0
a woozy quality 	0
none of which amounts to much of a story 	0
too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction 	1
is extremely thorough . 	1
dead production 	0
a talented director 	1
superficiality and 	0
a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances . 	1
you will likely enjoy this monster 	1
assuredly 	1
are underwhelming 	0
always the prettiest pictures 	1
giddy viewing 	1
pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming 	1
makes you feel like a chump 	0
family-oriented 	1
almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- 	0
familiar situations and repetitive scenes 	0
is a pretty decent little documentary 	1
, a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 	0
a little melodramatic , but with enough 	0
speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence 	0
resolutely unamusing 	0
cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin 	1
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design . 	1
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass . 	1
keenly 	1
mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience 	0
lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking . 	0
he brings together 	1
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success . 	1
one reason it 's so lackluster 	0
an enjoyable comedy 	1
give full performances 	1
a great idea 	1
affecting , amusing , sad and reflective 	1
except as a harsh conceptual exercise 	0
is misbegotten 	0
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters 	1
the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience . 	1
the sensational true-crime 	1
little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting 	0
the improperly hammy performance 	0
followed through 	1
many different ideas from happiness 	1
the scenes of torture and self-mutilation 	0
when it drags 	0
cultural intrigue 	1
heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . 	1
flat , misguided comedy 	0
while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks . 	0
to a picture-perfect beach 	1
an objective documentary 	1
's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 	0
, sets the tone for a summer of good stuff 	1
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters 	0
are more involving than this mess . 	0
intriguing questions 	1
a respectable new one 	1
more like a travel-agency video 	0
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie 	1
scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug 	1
serves as a rather thin moral 	0
very ugly , very fast 	0
poignant and 	1
full of life and small delights 	1
emptiness and maddeningly 	0
a main character who sometimes defies sympathy 	0
begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends 	0
infuriating 	0
been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) 	0
if you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 	1
ultimate insignificance 	0
which may be why it works as well as it does 	1
those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party 	1
rather than provocative 	0
of the movie 's charm 	1
succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad . 	0
in its own direction 	1
an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton 	0
the characters are based on stock clichés , and 	0
, like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall ! 	1
have been lost in the translation this time 	0
bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) 	1
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream 	0
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and 	1
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but 	0
some fairly unsettling scenes 	0
fascinating and 	1
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , 	1
long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare 	0
remains the real masterpiece 	1
a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project 	0
even when crush departs from the 4w formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash . 	0
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star 	1
banality 	0
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists 	1
the price of admission for the ridicule factor 	0
it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously 	0
is a fragmented film 	0
magnificent 	1
manic and energetic 	1
the best irish sense 	1
comfortably 	1
grant is certainly amusing , 	1
in increasingly incoherent fashion 	0
and moving portrait 	1
franchise possibilities 	1
's on par with the first one 	1
to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 	1
thoughtless , random , superficial humor and a lot of very bad scouse accents 	0
it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 	0
this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it 	0
make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 	1
caring for animals and respecting other cultures 	1
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken . 	1
effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . 	1
the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal 	0
ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . 	0
the wit and hoopla 	1
is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn 	1
would leave you cold 	0
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy . 	1
a deeply unpleasant experience 	0
another example of how sandler is losing his touch 	0
( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , 	1
in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to 	1
comes out on video 	1
has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong 	1
spreading a puritanical brand of christianity 	0
gentle , mesmerizing portrait 	1
is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love . 	1
, to say nothing of boring . 	0
in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does 	1
a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche 	1
unholy hokum . 	0
the original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece ! 	0
have to give them credit for : the message of the movie 	1
whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story 	1
perfect comic timing 	1
be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes 	1
wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue 	0
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey 	1
it is a good and ambitious film 	1
could have -- should have 	0
too dry 	0
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette . 	1
stay in touch with your own skin 	1
does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly 	0
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . 	0
a long , dull procession of despair 	0
lack contrast 	0
the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences 	0
) best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america 	0
pollute the summer movie pool 	0
's not a fresh idea 	0
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort . 	0
lowbrow 	0
left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else 	0
while there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) 	0
teen-speak and animal gibberish 	0
this deeply moving french drama 	1
an athlete , a movie star , 	1
not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted 	0
works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh 	1
of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies 	1
spirit is a visual treat 	1
display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline 	0
how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head . 	1
the pathetic idea 	0
going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn 	1
95-minute commercial 	0
pure adrenalin 	1
puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers 	1
seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain 	0
the relationships were wonderful 	1
this `` un-bear-able '' project 	0
humorless and 	0
positively shakesperean 	1
offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s 	0
ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . 	0
even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin 	1
own preciousness 	1
humanism 	1
and even touching 	1
painfully forced , false and fabricated 	0
fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling 	1
does n't completely 	0
a good alternative 	1
hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity . 	1
by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once 	0
in the pianist 	1
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle 	0
more appropriate 	1
the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 	0
depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable 	0
if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or 	0
, painful , obnoxious 	0
more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us 	0
but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . 	0
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself 	1
dramatized pbs program 	0
an enjoyable above average summer diversion 	1
sucking you in ... 	1
it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is 	1
, the movie is certainly easy to watch . 	1
a tiny sense of hope 	1
delicious dialogue 	1
prevails 	1
allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 	0
splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us . 	1
of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story 	1
most irresponsible 	0
quirky comedy 	1
is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level 	0
affectionately goofy 	1
has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers . 	1
might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 	0
managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan 	1
ultimately losing cause 	0
warm and winning 	1
is completely 	1
is just too original to be ignored 	1
best 60 minutes 	1
flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity 	0
are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster 	1
that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion 	1
nudity , profanity and violence 	0
directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin 	1
a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new 	0
impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture 	0
like arnold schwarzenegger 	1
monumental achievement 	1
murphy 's expert comic timing 	1
lacks considerable brio 	0
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for 	1
is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . 	1
in this flat effort 	0
the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film 	0
trite 	0
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but 	0
the lack-of-attention span 	0
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some . 	0
makes little attempt 	0
of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film 	0
by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	1
we do n't avert our eyes for a moment . 	1
's also uninspired , 	0
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high 	1
a touching love story 	1
a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic 	1
's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community 	1
too fluffy 	0
rent this on video 	1
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody . 	1
dwindles . 	0
is powerful and provocative . 	1
an honest attempt to get at something 	1
its botches 	0
inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence 	0
boring and obvious 	0
is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material 	0
... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades . 	1
these characters love each other 	1
benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances 	1
an engrossing and grim portrait 	1
it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe . 	0
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . 	0
punctuated by sudden shocks 	1
its otherwise comic narrative 	1
reenacting a historic scandal 	1
is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride . 	0
ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking 	1
will talk about for hours . 	1
the-night 	1
as the most original in years 	1
from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves 	1
adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place 	1
why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 	0
regardless of race 	1
's not nearly enough that 's right 	0
, the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . 	0
the intensity 	1
about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy 	0
feels like a spectator and not a participant 	0
adorably ditsy but heartfelt 	1
the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing 	1
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos 	0
the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror 	1
modern-day comedies 	1
sloppy script 	0
not only is it hokey 	0
biggest disappointments 	0
enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 	1
in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining 	1
glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior 	1
has moments of inspired humor , 	1
sensuous and 	1
is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure 	1
is predictable at every turn 	0
, yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film . 	1
rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , 	0
former gong show addict 	0
still works . 	1
, provocative and prescient 	1
too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category 	0
about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man 	0
a sweet , tender sermon 	1
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout . 	1
a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma 	1
you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright 	0
of tastelessness and gall 	0
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it 	0
life 's harshness 	0
much about the film , including some of its casting , 	1
long-lived friendships 	1
) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic 	0
sit through it all 	1
holds the screen like a true star 	1
the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way 	1
fantasy 	1
turn on many people to opera , in general 	1
no obvious escape 	0
laugh riot 	1
that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience 	1
been done before but never so vividly 	1
long and relentlessly saccharine film 	0
the film can depress you about life itself . 	0
botching a routine assignment 	0
this like the dreaded king brown snake 	0
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged . 	0
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... 	1
is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors . 	1
upper west sidey 	1
, it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts . 	0
on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film . 	1
's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition 	0
both people 's capacity 	1
be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering 	0
of good old-fashioned escapism 	1
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away 	1
a bracing 	1
stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense 	0
would tax einstein 's brain 	0
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- 	1
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . 	1
this particular , anciently demanding métier 	1
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly 	1
which is worth seeing 	1
especially disappointing 	0
as lazy 	0
is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy . 	0
they were insulted and 	0
would go back and choose to skip it . 	0
an interesting storyline 	1
harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . 	1
succeed in really rattling the viewer 	1
flabby 	0
flashy 	1
numb experience of watching o fantasma 	0
the backstage angst 	1
immature character 	0
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . 	0
preposterous moments 	0
cruel 	0
that are more silly than scary 	0
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer 	0
will make you laugh 	1
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity . 	1
's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama 	0
complex , laden with plenty of baggage and 	0
visually 	1
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material . 	0
is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults . 	0
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . 	0
easily forgotten 	0
a lighthearted glow , 	1
lousy direction 	0
her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset 	1
bruised 	0
as epic tragedy 	0
enthusiasm , 	1
for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover 	1
entertaining and audacious moments 	1
long and unfocused 	0
try hard but 	0
fresh air 	1
-- and disposable story -- 	0
makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes 	0
's just as wonderful on the big screen . 	1
clever and 	1
only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be 	0
an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream 	1
to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time 	1
drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes 	0
the best korean film of 2002 	1
a severe case of hollywood-itis 	0
can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it 	0
is left slightly unfulfilled . 	0
that just does n't work 	0
the big ending surprise 	1
mostly honest 	1
too dry and too placid 	0
to blow it 	0
ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 	0
( evans is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . 	0
we care about the story 	1
another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents . 	0
why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 	0
screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame 	0
a fun one 	1
crazy , mixed-up films 	0
a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer 	0
a level of connection and concern 	1
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing 	0
there is a great deal of fun . 	1
it is quite a vision . 	1
a winning , heartwarming yarn 	1
might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts . 	0
fairly basic comedic constructs 	1
seen this summer 	1
ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least 	1
, somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 	1
a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	0
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , 	0
's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second 	1
a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted 	0
the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking 	0
a bittersweet film , 	1
of an authentic feel 	1
flaccid 	0
a huge box-office hit in korea 	1
horribly depressing 	0
is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights . 	0
restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy 	1
like a documentary in the way 	0
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny 	1
a slick , engrossing melodrama . 	1
... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form . 	1
over-indulgent tirade 	0
songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel 	0
, these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . 	1
engaging mystery 	1
flat effort 	0
dramatically satisfying 	1
uncommonly moving 	1
makes the move from pleasing 	1
it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . 	0
bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing 	0
the worst film of the year . 	0
funny , puzzling movie 	1
rich and intelligent 	1
hope and magic 	1
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once . 	0
rattling the viewer 	1
gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game 	1
must-see 	1
in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare 	0
does n't know what it wants to be 	0
stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier . 	0
more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies 	1
treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds 	1
absurdist spider web . 	0
refuses to spell things out for viewers 	0
plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story . 	0
you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion 	1
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but 	0
a '' range 	1
staring 	1
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen 	0
of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation 	0
it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 	0
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn 	0
uneven performances 	0
sometimes inadequate performances 	0
have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted 	0
breathes more on the big screen 	1
humbling little film 	1
only thing missing 	1
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath 's version of ` nicholas nickleby ' 	1
are oscar-size 	1
liked it just enough . 	1
such a well-defined sense 	1
, should n't the reality seem at least passably real ? 	0
casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors 	1
those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them . 	1
inspiration and ambition 	1
inexplicable nightmare 	0
the delight of discovery 	1
enough cool 	1
the memorable character creations 	1
preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera 	1
meandering , low on energy , and too eager 	0
also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 	1
me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here 	0
shoplifts 	0
assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 	0
notice the 129-minute running time 	0
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , 	0
balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents 	1
as simultaneously funny , 	1
very funny romantic comedy 	1
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film 	0
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time 	0
when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails . 	0
hatosy ... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . 	1
raucous and sappy 	0
arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel 	1
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny . 	0
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke 	1
'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence 	0
that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival 	1
in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison 	0
out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life 	0
could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies 	1
do n't have a clue on the park . 	0
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and 	0
a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score 	1
one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches 	1
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard ... and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels . 	1
at best 	1
the enduring strengths of women 	1
banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad 	0
fascinating portrait 	1
rocks 	1
uninspiring 	0
substitute plot for personality 	0
not smart or 	0
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , 	0
to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous 	1
one of the lucky few who sought it out 	1
a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments 	1
be killed 	0
that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure 	0
chicanery and self-delusion 	0
the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot 	0
favor of an altogether darker side 	1
magnetic as graham 	1
loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy 	0
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie . 	1
inventive 	1
the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes . 	0
but even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 	0
giant spider invasion comic chiller 	1
was n't all that great to begin with 	0
the importance of being earnest 	1
hint 	1
fails on its own , 	0
breathless 	1
its playwriting 101 premise 	1
its terrific performances 	1
with no unified whole 	0
a party-hearty teen 	1
the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty 	1
drags out 	0
single good film 	1
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j. wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time . 	1
an inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist . 	1
communicate the truth of the world around him 	1
in trouble every day 	0
do justice to the awfulness of the movie 	0
wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate 	0
moments of hilarity 	1
is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure 	0
is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care 	0
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about 	0
genuinely worthwhile 	1
is rather pretentious 	0
the nightmare of war 	0
marks the spot . 	1
ultimately cowardly 	0
food 	1
misanthropic comedies 	0
with love for the movies of the 1960s 	1
unsatisfying ending 	0
many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy 	0
simply and eloquently 	1
have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes 	0
if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox 	1
deep or substantial 	1
veered off too far into the exxon zone , 	0
out on video before month 's end 	0
even bother to rent this on video 	0
is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity . 	1
its refusal to recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map 	0
is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny 	0
avalanche 	0
be distasteful to children and adults 	0
everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness 	0
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but 	0
it 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure . 	0
elegant work 	1
naiveté and sophistication 	1
's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter . 	0
pleaser 	1
what is essentially an extended soap opera 	0
a series of riveting set pieces 	1
opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down . 	0
something of a triumph 	1
robert de niro performance 	1
perfect in their roles 	1
for improvement 	0
has actually bothered to construct a real story this time 	1
dead mother 	0
the most entertaining bonds 	1
cold , gray , antiseptic 	0
no solace here 	0
can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas . 	0
the beauty of alexander payne 's ode to the everyman is in the details . 	1
's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin 	0
's better 	1
a divine monument 	1
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet 	0
it 's far from fresh-squeezed 	0
curiously depressing 	0
worse yet 	0
unsympathetic hero 	0
motherhood 	1
is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement 	1
all-out 	0
it ai n't art , by a long shot 	0
is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made 	0
established filmmaker 	1
to the haunted house 	0
make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits 	0
typical 	0
scenic 	1
is not the most impressive player 	0
of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles 	0
porno 	0
as a comedy 	1
carefully choreographed atrocities 	0
also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss 	1
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and 	0
an earnest study in despair 	1
, he has no clue about making a movie 	0
this toothless dog , already on cable , 	0
recommend `` 	1
stunning images and effects 	1
a simple message 	1
for a film that has nothing 	0
a tendency to slip into hokum 	0
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look 	0
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but 	0
i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 	0
one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema 	1
even when he 's not at his most critically insightful 	1
to a few rather than dozens 	0
doltish and uneventful 	0
a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous 	0
everybody loves a david and goliath story , 	1
i was expecting 	0
the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles 	1
best and most 	1
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera 	0
becomes a part of its fun 	1
shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people . 	1
swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . 	1
feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	0
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun . 	1
likable story 	1
crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 	1
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and 	1
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good . 	1
borrowed images 	0
achingly honest and delightfully cheeky 	1
tell its story 	1
too little excitement 	0
one of the best , most 	1
of earnest textbook psychologizing 	1
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . 	1
try too hard to be mythic 	0
thumbs up to paxton 	1
controversial 	0
the very top rank of french filmmakers 	1
sexually explicit 	0
: the widowmaker is a great yarn . 	1
a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look 	1
enormously good fun 	1
careless and 	0
developed 	1
cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . 	0
is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 	1
shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material 	1
it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part 	1
would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors . 	0
you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards . 	1
shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 	1
poor editing 	0
slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but 	0
... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . 	1
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash 	0
so many red herrings , so many false scares , 	0
bored cage 	0
its opening 	1
is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee 	0
it 's still terrible ! 	0
talked all the way through it 	0
good actors , good poetry and good music 	1
are more silly than scary 	0
is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for 	1
is also beautifully acted . 	1
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . 	0
loses its ability to shock and amaze 	0
a strong script , 	1
, they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood 	1
a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment . 	1
could n't recommend this film more 	1
who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching 	1
alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 	0
the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice 	0
skimpy 	0
assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low . 	0
hollywood movie 	1
savor 	1
with a single 	1
of a certain ambition 	1
is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm . 	1
ca n't recommend it enough . 	1
, `` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film . 	0
mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush 	1
a satisfactory overview 	1
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , 	1
romanticization 	1
worth cheering as a breakthrough 	1
of high hilarity 	1
an engaging , wide-eyed actress 	1
confection that 's pure entertainment . 	1
takes care 	1
grittily beautiful 	1
a rollicking good time 	1
the story subtle and us in suspense 	1
the audience gets pure escapism 	1
the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation 	1
strongest 	1
overdoing it 	0
the pianist is polanski 's best film . 	1
uptight , middle class bores like antonia 	0
comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle 	1
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress 	0
also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . 	0
achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 	1
might be best forgotten 	0
, being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something 	1
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images 	1
so much first-rate talent 	1
shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . 	1
exciting 	1
shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown . 	1
indie of the year 	1
call it magic 	1
crappy 	0
a pretty good job 	1
but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés 	0
with an undeniable energy 	1
hitler 's destiny 	0
then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ... 	1
is nothing redeeming about this movie 	0
throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull . 	0
interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective 	1
innuendo 	0
the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us 	0
to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching 	1
dreamed up 	1
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting . 	1
best case 	1
thrills the eye 	1
too little excitement and 	0
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . 	1
riveting set pieces 	1
leave a large dog alone 	0
entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves 	1
soulless 	0
, all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 	0
passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge 	0
be pleasant in spite of its predictability 	1
that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 	1
oftentimes funny , yet 	1
are alternately touching and funny 	1
sweaty-palmed fun 	1
the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light 	1
a sloppy script 	0
no chemistry or engaging charisma 	0
of the grief 	0
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs. sever , were made for the palm screen 	0
inspired '' 	1
beautiful canvas 	1
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , 	0
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering . 	1
gushing -- 	1
a good music documentary , 	1
to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	1
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and 	1
sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 	0
a breakthrough in filmmaking 	1
a plodding teen remake 	0
naive 	0
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era 	1
cynical 	0
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation 	1
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book . 	0
alternately frustrating and rewarding . 	1
absurdity 	0
whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation 	1
the end that extravagantly redeems it 	1
garbage 	0
schmaltzy and clumsily 	0
the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid 	0
to recommend it 	1
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud 	0
got it right 	1
that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue 	0
if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse 	1
bottom-of-the-bill fare 	0
like its title character , is repellantly out of control . 	0
is so often nearly nothing 	0
to bodacious 	1
a more credible script , 	1
he allows nothing to get in the way 	1
comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs . 	0
effortless performance 	1
, virulent and foul-natured 	0
( gosling 's ) combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence 	1
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and 	1
surprises or delights 	1
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture . 	0
's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish 	0
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary 	0
's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 	0
honest observations 	1
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but 	1
where it plainly has no business going 	0
the franchise 's best years are long past 	0
filter out the complexity 	1
( a ) rather thinly-conceived movie . 	0
and diesel is n't the actor to save it . 	0
a not-so-divine secrets 	0
spend with these people 	1
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone . 	1
should be doing a lot of things , but does n't 	0
from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 	0
, and larded with exposition 	0
generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull 	0
simple , poignant and leavened 	1
's definite room for improvement 	0
're going to face frightening late fees 	0
fun and reminiscent 	1
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement 	1
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike 	0
never comes close to recovering from its demented premise 	0
of the year 's best films 	1
's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages 	1
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . 	1
addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row 	0
it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . 	1
dull and 	0
a cartoon ? 	0
has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness . 	0
the year 's best films 	1
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming 	0
, then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable 	0
off-beat 	0
the movie 's set 	1
fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious 	1
with humor and lightness 	1
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson 's e ! 	0
is like a year late 	0
it 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to . 	0
truly annoying 	0
touching movie 	1
, shrek ) 	1
least favorite 	0
terrific job 	1
may pander to our basest desires for payback 	1
still show virtually no understanding of it 	0
as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism 	1
this movie makes one thing perfectly clear 	1
splendid production design 	1
the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 	0
who can out-bad-act the other 	0
has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue 	0
veracity 	1
strong script 	1
george orwell turning over 	0
puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula . 	1
mean 	0
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups . 	0
into such fresh territory 	1
it is cruel 	0
of empathy for its characters 	1
10 	1
hollywood confection 	0
the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art 	1
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , 	0
makes his films so memorable 	1
this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . 	1
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch 	0
the performances of the children , untrained in acting 	0
a cinema classic 	1
the tooth and claw of human power 	1
considerable talents 	1
pure over-the-top trash 	0
reach much further than we imagine . 	1
of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks 	1
might like and more experimental in its storytelling 	1
not taken 	0
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it 	0
full of privileged moments and memorable performances 	1
the , yes , snail-like pacing and 	0
a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch 	1
expands 	1
the fast , funny , and even touching story 	1
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and 	1
feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies 	0
the heart as well as 	1
thornberrys movie 	1
, a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . 	0
have a cute partnership in i spy 	1
the right b-movie frame of mind 	1
lacks the skill or presence 	0
very bright 	1
watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy 	1
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and 	1
amounts to surprisingly little 	0
falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting . 	0
did n't care 	0
see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 	1
a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies 	0
actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen 	1
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and 	0
martha stewart decorating program run amok 	0
eerily accurate depiction of depression 	1
why it works as well as it does 	1
a dullard 	0
kills every sense of believability 	0
devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot 	0
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare . 	1
of eager fans 	1
predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics 	0
its performances 	1
acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , 	1
engross even the most antsy youngsters 	1
its moviegoing pleasures 	1
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie 	0
fills time 	0
affair , 	0
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life . 	1
give all three stories life 	1
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap . 	0
a fairy tale 	1
, this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . 	0
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but 	1
great character interaction . 	1
it looks good , but it is essentially empty . 	0
bowser 	1
insomnia is one of the year 's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances . 	1
a stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch . 	1
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance . 	1
all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings 	0
an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals 	1
a glimmer 	1
overstating 	0
it 's a ripper of a yarn and 	1
a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people 	1
, it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 	0
every suspenseful cliché 	0
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital 	0
its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor 	1
is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . 	1
, really good 	1
mr. scorsese 's 	1
, deeply unsettling experience 	0
a few other decent ones 	1
the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks 	1
to go down with a ship as leaky as this 	0
have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart . 	1
on the amateurish 	0
mess 	0
a dickensian hero 	1
the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness 	1
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious 	0
legged freaks 	0
is not easily forgotten 	1
how about surprising us by trying something new ? 	0
seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover 	0
something purer 	1
plodding teen remake 	0
a bad sign 	0
little alien 	0
unconditional 	1
underestimated charm 	1
the desperation of a very insecure man 	0
crushed 	0
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback 	1
it 's fun 	1
offers no new insight on the matter , 	0
gets vivid , convincing performances 	1
crafty and 	1
so distant 	0
to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time 	1
each watered down the version of the one before 	0
of a triumph 	1
's the mark of a documentary that works 	1
shapeless and 	0
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness . 	1
to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is 	0
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base ... 	0
in formula crash-and-bash action 	0
, he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . 	0
the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length 	0
a total lack of empathy 	0
'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 	0
tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	1
uplifting , funny and wise . 	1
occasionally fun enough 	1
, warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy . 	1
represents glossy hollywood at its laziest 	0
from such a great one 	1
static 	0
to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture 	0
is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting 	0
road to perdition does display greatness 	1
humorous , illuminating study 	1
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan . 	1
slam-dunk 	1
i laughed throughout the movie 	1
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 	1
integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy 	1
has nothing else to watch 	0
critic-proof 	1
grossest 	0
unadulterated thrills 	1
that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful 	1
on an elegant visual sense and a talent 	1
a problem hollywood too long has ignored 	0
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold . 	0
desperation and cinematic deception 	0
an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work 	0
distracting special effects and visual party tricks 	0
overtly silly 	0
more focused 	1
although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense . 	1
leave their families 	0
sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters 	1
some strong performances 	1
loud and thoroughly 	1
happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ? 	0
the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 	0
life , hand gestures , and 	0
is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice . 	0
extraordinary debut from josh koury 	1
reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk 	1
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy 	1
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame . 	1
and vin diesel is the man . 	1
a well-put-together piece of urban satire 	1
of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd 	1
unspeakable 	0
they will have a showdown 	1
wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination 	0
a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility . 	1
may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours . 	1
love , longing 	1
exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters 	1
principled 	1
the unique way shainberg 	1
so heartwarmingly 	1
the film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled . 	1
all the more remarkable because it 	1
wise folks that they are 	1
how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie 	0
lots of effort and intelligence 	1
leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face 	1
90-minute postmodern voyage 	1
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist . 	1
is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work 	0
... liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . 	0
an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work . 	0
witless and utterly pointless 	0
honesty and respect 	1
in his chilling , unnerving film 	1
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing . 	1
who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up 	0
it will warm your heart , and 	1
audacity and 	0
high water mark 	1
into this turkey 	0
hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking 	1
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . 	0
offers opportunities for occasional smiles and 	1
pays off , 	1
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow . 	1
multi-layered and profoundly 	1
such a clever adaptation 	1
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but 	0
make the stones weep -- as shameful as it 	0
seen it all before 	0
its sunny disposition 	1
great material 	1
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . 	1
lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving . 	1
show-stoppingly 	1
the problem with the film 	0
a grand picture 	1
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events . 	1
a sheer unbridled delight 	1
are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent . 	0
inherently 	1
is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through . 	0
encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow 	1
in an inarticulate screenplay 	0
a giant step backward for a director i admire 	0
's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish . 	0
crap is what i was expecting 	0
a kingdom more mild than wild 	0
word ` dog ' 	0
the narration helps little 	0
an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough 	1
this strangely schizo cartoon 	0
crafted but 	1
is not even half the interest 	0
children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation 	1
highly polished 	1
sustains it 	1
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director 	1
try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson 	1
choppy 	0
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , 	1
undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece 	0
zippy jazzy score 	1
to the background -- a welcome step 	1
offers rare insight into the structure of relationships 	1
it made me feel unclean , and 	0
nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 	0
real laughs 	1
sorvino 	1
its sensitive handling 	1
the movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat . 	1
than special effects 	1
not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans . 	0
stylish psychological 	1
cultural differences 	1
neglects 	0
more than satisfactory 	1
this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , 	0
it 's such a mechanical endeavor ( that ) it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 	0
, it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images . 	1
that started with a great premise and then just fell apart 	0
meets those standards 	1
tattered 	0
fantastic ! 	1
uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter 	0
they 're clueless and inept 	0
, human moments 	1
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . 	0
a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing 	1
a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism . 	0
escape story 	1
fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters 	1
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , 	1
pissed off 	0
told well by a master storyteller 	1
all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance 	0
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence . 	0
to south seas islanders 	1
together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love 	1
ideas and wry comic mayhem 	1
's a lot richer than the ones 	1
a classic genre 	1
any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look . 	1
about either the nature of women or 	1
a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- 	0
' it also rocks . 	1
fresh 	1
a classical actress 	1
where something 's happening 	1
neo-nazism 	0
amusing , tender and heart-wrenching 	1
stories drowned by all too clever complexity 	0
watchable stuff 	1
hard-sell 	0
you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises . 	1
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work . 	1
diane lane 's sophisticated performance 	1
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . 	1
the still-inestimable contribution 	1
elbowed aside by one-liners 	0
can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art . 	0
innocent , childlike and inherently funny 	1
is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs . 	0
'll enjoy this movie . 	1
fourth-rate 	0
a big , juicy role 	1
though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . 	1
and in a sense , that 's a liability . 	0
`` red dragon '' never cuts corners . 	1
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness 	0
such fresh territory 	1
staggeringly compelling character 	1
sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit . 	1
conventional , but well-crafted 	1
infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 	1
dashing and absorbing 	1
the maudlin way its story unfolds 	0
capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere 	1
if you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work . 	1
who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 	1
real visual charge 	1
wise , wizened 	1
a fairly weak retooling 	0
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable . 	0
worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america 	1
soul-stirring 	1
you can find humor 	1
cultural 	1
death might be a release . 	0
both innocent and jaded 	1
in space , no one can hear you snore 	0
it might have held my attention , but 	0
does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half 	0
a fake street drama that keeps telling you 	0
spectacularly ugly-looking 	0
brash , intelligent 	1
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film 	0
the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge 	0
a well-done film 	1
's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought . 	1
arresting little ride 	1
conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 	1
speak fluent flatula 	0
disagree 	1
great performance 	1
, e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career . 	1
tell you 	1
seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed 	0
scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it 	1
to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack 	0
achingly honest and 	1
remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career 	1
masterful work 	1
its tragic waste 	0
across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited 	0
the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze 	0
it does cathartic truth telling 	1
high 	1
argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock . 	1
in your face for two hours 	0
moronic as some campus 	0
despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie 	0
the place where a masterpiece should be 	1
bang-up job 	1
have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie 	1
breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting . 	0
the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad . 	0
they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . 	1
uncompromising 	1
agonizing 	0
find a spark of its own 	1
, touching 	1
gay s/m fantasy 	0
kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . 	0
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself . 	1
puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously 	0
persuasive 	1
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it 	1
she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile 	1
leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied 	0
a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation 	1
bon appétit ! 	1
against itself 	1
one of the biggest disappointments of the year 	0
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera 	0
of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 	0
poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws 	1
film that will enthrall the whole family . 	1
is to substitute plot for personality 	0
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture . 	1
is , also , frequently hilarious . 	1
is that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness . 	1
gives the lie 	0
take nothing seriously and 	1
is dark , brooding and slow , and 	0
we have no idea what in creation is going on 	0
of this emotional car-wreck 	0
remains undiminished 	1
sure , i hated myself in the morning . 	0
the price 	1
never quite justifies its own existence . 	0
a psycho 	0
a tremendous piece 	1
a fireworks 	1
is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick 	1
knockoff 	0
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore 	0
over-the-top , and amateurish 	0
terrible movie 	0
as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making 	0
creating the characters who surround frankie 	0
losing 	0
a way of seeping into your consciousness 	1
labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 	1
the best and most exciting movies 	1
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people 	1
ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy . 	1
gives you an idea just how bad it was 	0
is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 	0
's undone by a sloppy script 	0
the picture is in trouble 	0
follows its standard formula in this animated adventure 	1
a revealing look at the collaborative process 	1
part of being a good documentarian 	1
had a sense of humor 	1
completely predictable plot 	0
with such sensitivity 	1
bad singer-turned actors 	0
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story . 	1
it 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing . 	1
locales 	0
a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess 	0
the joie de vivre even as he creates 	1
the action here is unusually tame 	0
talented friends 	1
to get excited about on this dvd 	1
the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 	1
what 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent . 	1
is often way off 	0
marvelously entertaining and deliriously 	1
purpose and even-handedness 	1
pretty 	1
a sparkling newcomer 	1
a thriller without a lot of thrills 	0
many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 	1
employ their quirky and fearless ability 	1
a rather tired 	0
minutely detailed wonders 	1
it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 	1
and interesting characters 	1
she 's pretty and she can act 	1
a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid 	0
small in scope , yet perfectly formed 	1
'd be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow 	1
evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . 	0
's a bargain-basement european pickup 	0
old-fashioned adventure 	1
it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies 	1
the waste 	0
, the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining 	1
( fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall ) show us the world they love and make us love it , too . 	1
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten . 	1
an enjoyable 100 minutes 	1
an elegance and maturity 	1
best actors 	1
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it . 	0
signing 	1
remarkable because it 	1
characters who are nearly impossible to care about 	0
suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics 	1
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn 	0
a gripping documentary 	1
has deftly trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 	1
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . 	1
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed . 	1
sick sense 	0
clear-eyed portrait 	1
dry wit and compassion 	1
succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack . 	0
the world 's most generic rock star 	0
is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry 	0
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and 	0
lots of cute animals and clumsy people 	1
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . 	0
is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety 	0
a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- 	0
's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 	1
an unpleasantly 	0
over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own 	0
can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head 	1
in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 	0
winningly 	1
funny moment 	1
robert duvall 	1
because there is no foundation for it 	0
a breath 	1
tastelessness 	0
, the country bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio . 	1
pack a powerful emotional wallop 	1
it 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant . 	0
eviction 	1
addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage 	1
such a stultifying 	0
looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel 	0
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year 	1
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that 	1
atypically hypnotic 	1
charming and evoking 	1
all , a great party 	1
instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture 	0
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller 	1
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , 	0
drown yourself 	0
well worth watching 	1
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling 	0
that it 's a brazenly misguided project 	0
written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience 	1
exceedingly rare films 	1
best sports movie 	1
struck a chord in me 	1
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid 	0
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters . 	0
the movie is rather choppy . 	0
successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling . 	1
art film 	1
both sitcomishly predictable and cloying 	0
salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film . 	1
there is greatness here . 	1
movie sputters 	0
not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' 	1
brave , uninhibited performances 	1
the cinematic canon 	1
, look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls 	1
fun . 	1
the best looking and stylish 	1
jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar . 	0
, but your ego 	0
juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks 	0
brilliantly constructed work . 	1
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories 	0
, queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . 	0
enjoyable comedy 	1
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships . 	1
need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry 	0
all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) 	0
's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x. 	1
charmless and 	0
mean-spirited 	0
lopez romantic comedy 	1
mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery 	1
its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls 	1
verges on the amateurish 	0
they help increase an average student 's self-esteem 	1
it makes your teeth hurt 	0
labored gags 	0
you wish you had n't seen 	0
stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy 	1
wo n't be sorry 	1
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue 	0
because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 	0
wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned 	0
have required genuine acting from ms. spears 	1
saddled 	0
, unforced 	1
has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 	1
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise 	0
human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart . 	0
try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . 	1
scoob 	1
a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist 	1
delights 	1
( has ) an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true . 	1
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick . 	0
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief 	0
make you reach for the tissues 	1
a lousy script , 	0
's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone 	1
some serious issues 	0
it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored 	0
will linger long after this film has ended . 	1
has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films 	1
will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- 	1
elegantly colorful look 	1
sappy and amateurish 	0
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world . 	1
, this movie proves you wrong on both counts . 	1
of family tradition and familial community 	1
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs. woo , it looks like woo 's a p.o.w. 	0
of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface 	1
utter mush ... 	0
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics 	1
, this is the one . 	1
a terrific job 	1
knowledge , education , and 	1
all of this , and more 	1
lacks dramatic punch and depth . 	0
paranoid and unlikable 	0
robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show . 	1
tells a fascinating , compelling story 	1
an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love 	1
and engaging film 	1
trembling and gratitude 	1
the grandeur of the best next generation episodes 	1
nothing else to watch 	1
a journey back to your childhood 	1
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , 	1
whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism 	0
feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective . 	1
tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock 	0
, it 's as good as you remember . 	1
spiffy bluescreen technique 	1
most frantic , virulent and foul-natured 	0
rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 	0
wo n't be sitting through this one again 	0
to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie 	1
we 're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she 's french 	0
of the things costner movies are known for 	1
that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating 	1
to finally revel in its splendor 	1
a captivating new film . 	1
is simply too overdone . 	0
greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary . 	1
, with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling . 	0
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does 	1
play one lewd scene after another 	0
why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 	0
a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life 	1
violent , vulgar and forgettably 	0
the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . 	0
is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 	1
deeply appealing 	1
you 'll need a stronger stomach than us . 	0
shrill and soporific , and because 	0
'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away . 	1
this slick and sprightly cgi feature 	1
is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief . 	1
there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 	1
a decent-enough nail-biter 	1
trying to create something original 	1
redeemed 	1
tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel 	0
for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 	1
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb 	1
utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work 	1
drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage 	1
killer soundtrack 	1
with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender 	1
anchoring 	1
the glaring triteness of the plot device 	0
plodding , 	0
never comes together 	0
compelling enough 	1
bad behavior 	0
the writing is indifferent , and 	0
only so much baked cardboard 	0
four star performance 	1
sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . 	1
takes its title all too literally 	0
is surprisingly brilliant , 	1
lighthearted 	1
it 's plotless , shapeless -- and 	0
torn book jacket 	1
freshness and spirit 	1
, it 's not very interesting . 	0
enough of interest onscreen 	1
more unmentionable subjects 	0
overcome the triviality of the story 	1
thoroughly engrossing 	1
that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films 	1
why ? 	0
uselessly 	0
it 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , 	0
is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans . 	1
the santa clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry . 	0
a bit of a phony relationship 	0
buzz , blab and money 	0
floundering way 	0
though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction 	1
those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up 	1
the dutiful precision of a tax accountant 	0
the superficial way it deals with its story 	0
makes it seem fresh again . 	1
neat premise 	1
directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured 	0
bloody 	0
completely ridiculous 	0
the success 	1
a superlative b movie -- 	1
a very old-school kind 	0
what 's worse is that pelosi knows it . 	0
otherwise talented 	1
after the clever credits roll 	1
of a river of sadness that pours into every frame 	1
does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies 	0
probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 	0
like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend 	0
dreary tale of middle-class angst 	0
the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and 	0
less of a trifle 	1
it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . 	1
an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long 	0
in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario 	1
be utterly entranced by its subject and 	1
one of the rarest kinds of films 	1
is grisly . 	0
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , 	0
the treat 	1
most beautiful , evocative works 	1
ca n't rescue this effort . 	0
where santa gives gifts to grownups 	1
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , 	1
a possible argentine american beauty reeks 	0
is first-rate , especially sorvino 	1
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and 	1
awful sour taste 	0
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita . 	0
an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair 	1
vision is beginning to feel 	1
is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams 	1
what ( frei ) gives us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows . 	1
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless 	1
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 	1
she had to sit through it again 	0
definitely gives you something to chew on 	1
more unattractive or odorous 	0
that assumes you are n't very bright 	0
while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special 	1
dead dog 	0
that is beyond playing fair with the audience 	0
degrades its characters , its stars and its audience 	0
a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone 	1
fresh and 	1
i have returned from the beyond to warn you 	0
music and laughter 	1
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but 	0
grayish 	0
his craft 	1
than to show us a good time 	1
an interesting bit 	1
as pure over-the-top trash 	0
in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice 	1
horrible 	0
the downward spiral comes to pass 	0
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ... 	0
's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty 	1
smarter and much 	1
beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather 	0
not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	1
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore . 	0
sheer dumbness 	0
a return to form for director peter bogdanovich 	1
deeply touched by this movie 	1
anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair 	1
of bewitched that takes place during spring break 	1
the performances are an absolute joy . 	1
a gorgeous film - 	1
plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' 	0
a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie 	1
told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue 	0
unsettling , memorable cinematic experience 	1
the best war movies 	1
has done excellent work here . 	1
next movie 	0
horrifyingly , ever 	0
an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys 	1
win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews 	1
a deeper story 	1
think this movie loves women at all 	0
unwary viewers 	0
sweetness , clarity and emotional openness 	1
every bad action-movie line in history 	0
humor and heart 	1
quietly affecting cop drama 	1
unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes . 	0
in some evocative shades 	1
only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes 	1
that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer 	0
does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez . 	0
it 's leaden and predictable , 	0
many of these gross 	0
in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal 	0
seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film 	1
both damning and damned compelling . 	1
that `` gangs '' is never lethargic 	1
rambling examination 	0
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving 	1
untrained in acting 	0
, flawless film , ( wang ) emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 	1
, cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . 	1
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual . 	0
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes 	0
a supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . 	0
enticing and often funny documentary 	1
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film . 	0
half past dead is just such an achievement . 	1
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why . 	0
that watching it leaves you giddy 	1
provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket 	0
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses 	0
offers some flashy twists and 	1
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf 	1
all arty and jazzy 	1
heart-pounding 	1
fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters . 	0
manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie 	1
the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people 	0
the gags are often a stitch . 	1
unusual but unfortunately also 	0
none of this is meaningful or memorable 	0
fantastically 	1
all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon 	0
with such good humor 	1
tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot . 	0
a trove of delights 	1
part of the film 's cheeky charm 	1
a more balanced or fair portrayal 	1
potent 	1
transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories 	1
going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together 	1
for its elegantly colorful look and sound 	1
`` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 	1
and that is where ararat went astray . 	0
bull sessions 	0
, ponderous and charmless 	0
own quirky hipness 	1
a bad run in the market or a costly divorce 	0
painful to watch 	0
been so aggressively anti-erotic 	0
's little to recommend snow dogs , 	0
other than fling gags at it 	0
( leigh ) has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable . 	1
warm , enveloping affection 	1
both oscar winners 	1
the violence 	0
lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade 	0
worthy entry 	1
sleeper 	0
speaks volumes , 	1
peculiarly 	0
providing no real sense of suspense 	0
a torrent of emotion 	1
does no justice to the story itself 	0
like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	1
involve a dentist drill 	0
a pitch-perfect holden 	1
a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public 	1
self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining . 	0
pretty weary 	0
our reality tv obsession , 	0
grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond 	1
exceeds 	1
compressed characterisations 	0
watery tones 	0
an important , original talent 	1
one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny 	1
that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement 	0
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation . 	0
for beginners 	0
shining with all the usual spielberg flair , 	1
ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	0
an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get 	0
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes 	0
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , 	0
klein 	0
leguizamo and jones are both excellent 	1
as beautifully shaped 	1
appetizing 	1
it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart . 	1
is certainly amusing 	1
see this terrific film with your kids 	1
pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations 	0
the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and 	0
curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner 	0
, manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 	0
not to believe it 	0
to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks 	1
fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency . 	1
provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals 	1
genuine narrative 	1
collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush 	0
this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest . 	1
the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives 	1
this is the best star trek movie in a long time . 	1
presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years . 	1
two-bit potboiler . 	0
's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled 	1
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty . 	1
, mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it . 	1
hypnotic portrait 	1
attractive young leads 	1
a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan 	0
is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 	1
beautiful and 	1
compelling allegory 	1
terrific computer graphics , 	1
powerful 1957 drama 	1
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig 	1
run for your lives ! 	0
yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 	0
goodies 	1
, eloquence , spiritual challenge 	1
's definitely worth 	1
far better 	1
's never too late to learn 	1
mournful 	0
if you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film . 	1
the histrionic muse 	0
get paid enough to sit through crap like this 	0
's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here 	1
its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction 	1
ultimately satisfies with its moving story 	1
most romantic comedies , 	1
with few respites 	1
kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested . 	0
a tired , unnecessary retread ... 	0
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance . 	1
guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . 	1
, is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 	1
a mostly magnificent directorial career , 	1
audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter 	1
who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man 	1
are simply too bland to be interesting 	0
black indomitability 	0
shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . 	0
souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in 	0
real contenders 	1
looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships 	1
prima 	1
it will just as likely make you weep , 	1
about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption 	1
seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent 	0
most at women 's expense 	0
to its superior cast 	1
cheap junk and 	0
inside information 	1
images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic 	1
supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment . 	0
the right movie 	1
too literally 	0
has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . 	0
a flat script and 	0
, it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 	1
is delightful in the central role . 	1
fearless purity 	1
falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting 	0
beneath it 	0
takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion . 	1
more elves and snow and 	0
stiff and 	0
is n't as funny 	0
is high on squaddie banter , low 	0
like the rock on a wal-mart budget 	0
if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . 	0
puts washington , as honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher 	1
, all credibility flies out the window . 	0
a good chance 	1
it 's a masterpiece . 	1
pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans 	1
` the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . ' 	0
its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and 	1
the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . 	1
catch me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . 	1
pointless , stupid 	0
is repellantly out of control 	0
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , 	0
to be bored by as your abc 's 	0
realize there 's no place for this story to go but down 	0
with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future 	1
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny 	0
$ 1.8 million charmer 	1
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 	0
is painful to watch 	0
are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue 	0
as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . 	0
pushed to their most virtuous limits , 	1
sick sight 	0
over-dramatic 	0
cheapen the overall effect 	0
is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them 	1
is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor . 	0
highlight 	1
will ever be anything more than losers 	0
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; 	1
pungent 	0
could very well clinch him this year 's razzie . 	0
a well-crafted letdown . 	0
that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant 	1
sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life . 	0
the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . ' 	1
angel of death 	0
of gentle longing 	1
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . 	0
it 's a scorcher . 	1
an empty exercise 	0
, more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm . 	1
no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence 	0
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing 	1
the genre and another first-rate performance 	1
falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live . ' 	0
's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more 	1
visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor . 	1
often funny 	1
formal settings with motionless characters 	0
of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work 	1
, metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile . 	1
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , 	0
likable movie 	1
an ugly , revolting movie 	0
it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme 	1
the best brush 	1
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening 	1
that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	0
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man 	0
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless 	0
that rare creature -- 	1
is smarter and subtler 	1
stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry 	1
to waste their time 	0
that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 	0
is one of the biggest disappointments of the year 	0
my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow 	0
you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson 	1
worth a look as a curiosity . 	1
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , 	0
spontaneity in its execution and 	1
where big stars and high production values are standard procedure 	1
never feels derivative 	1
lacks it 	0
stop watching 	0
is smart 	1
of the theater 	1
this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot 	0
good intentions leads to the video store 	0
a fine effort , 	1
's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes 	1
does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue . 	1
magnificent swooping aerial shots 	1
smarter than its commercials make it seem . 	1
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . 	1
just zings along with vibrance and warmth . 	1
is simply not enough of interest onscreen 	0
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams . 	1
the writing is clever 	1
a tiresome cliché 	0
that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen 	1
an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist 	1
disreputable 	0
terrific 	1
speculative effort 	1
like a cheap lawn chair 	0
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 	0
screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum 	1
ready-made midnight movie 	1
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic 	0
intoxicating atmosphere and 	1
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day . 	1
its overall sense of mystery 	1
his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows 	1
while there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't . 	1
creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic 	1
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work 	0
visually compelling 	1
recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots 	1
brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch . 	0
to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show 	0
better script 	1
is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough 	0
a small movie 	0
a really strong second effort 	1
in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown 	1
silly subplots 	0
that 's always fun to watch 	1
appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness 	1
`` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods 	1
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch 	1
to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages 	1
difficulty 	0
tolerance and diversity 	1
emotionally strong 	1
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , 	0
plodding picture 	0
to seduce and conquer 	1
cinematic intoxication 	1
by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices 	0
three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut 	1
mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences 	1
of these young women 	1
a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 	1
stodgy 	0
if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) 	0
's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout . 	1
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved 	1
, then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . 	0
affirming ' 	1
that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints 	1
more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie 	1
for kids , spirit 	1
with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas 	1
of intelligent humor 	1
weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , 	1
broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture 	0
of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically 	1
that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography 	1
most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up 	0
goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	0
... pray does n't have a passion for the material . 	0
a tour de force 	1
about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern 	1
surprisingly sweet and gentle 	1
results from adhering to the messiness of true stories 	0
is enormously good fun 	1
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen 	0
the absurdity of the premise 	0
an extraordinary poignancy 	1
was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism . 	0
if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 	0
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck . 	0
feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series 	0
ca n't wait to see what the director does next 	1
passionate and 	1
the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . 	0
hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring 	0
buffoons 	0
the mediocre end 	0
denzel washington 's fine performance 	1
finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground 	1
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . 	1
a casual intelligence that permeates the script 	1
perfectly clear 	1
ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad . 	1
every suspenseful cliché in the book 	0
getting the better of obnoxious adults 	0
's still not a good movie 	0
is n't as sharp as the original ... despite some visual virtues , ` blade ii ' just does n't cut it . 	0
it 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? 	0
outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve 	1
splendid-looking as this particular film 	1
resistance and artistic transcendence 	1
, witty , improbable romantic comedy 	1
what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom . 	0
that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo 	1
absolutely 	1
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids 	1
( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . 	1
but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker . 	1
something to be taken seriously 	1
's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison 	0
the mundane 	0
` god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . ' 	0
allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly . 	1
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , 	0
takes off in totally unexpected directions 	1
manipulative and as bland 	0
is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others . 	1
that the final product is a ghost 	0
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , 	1
having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count 	0
no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes 	0
the soggy performances 	0
as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	0
-- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	0
a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor 	1
from the ages 	1
makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film . 	1
a plethora of engaging diatribes 	1
, hypocritical 	0
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases 	1
crisp framing , edgy camera work 	1
the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida 	0
is hard to tell who is chasing who or why 	0
been hoping for 	1
reminds us of our own responsibility 	1
robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 	1
uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! '' 	0
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it 's actually watchable . 	1
exhilarating , 	1
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . 	1
it 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence . 	1
check your pulse . 	0
, humorous , illuminating study 	1
high-spirited buddy movie 	1
the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him 	1
a fun 	1
sleazy moralizing 	0
is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs 	0
large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride . 	1
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart . 	1
that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film 	1
gets around to its real emotional business , 	1
hey , happy ! 	1
to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some 	1
clever and very satisfying picture 	1
the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected 	1
amusing , sad and reflective 	1
'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . 	1
most interesting 	1
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help 	1
derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- 	0
ca n't rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing . 	0
fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere 	1
it appears not to have been edited at all 	0
never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 	0
delicate 	1
's not just a feel-good movie 	1
leaden 	0
goes bump in the night and nobody cares 	0
that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually 	1
that 's neither completely enlightening , nor 	0
15 years old 	1
good things 	1
, chilling and heart-warming 	1
-- elegant technology for the masses -- 	1
no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- 	0
average bond 	0
indoor drama 	1
quite funny 	1
to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 	0
( washington 's ) strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste 	1
low rate annie 	0
narrative grace 	1
as boring before i see this piece of crap again 	0
are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep . 	0
in its crapulence 	0
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , 	1
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy . 	1
's not original enough 	0
parapsychological 	1
carried out 	1
is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves 	0
a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall 	0
most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films 	0
standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm 	0
it also happens to be good 	1
put together with the preteen boy in mind . 	0
well-defined sense 	1
biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation . 	1
as a film director , labute continues to improve . 	1
throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull 	0
will please eastwood 's loyal fans 	1
to his people 	1
of its inventiveness 	1
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 	1
the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks 	0
watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , 	0
eventual cult classic 	1
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance 	1
this terrific film 	1
the shabby digital photography 	0
it 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career 	1
an exit sign , that is . 	0
lacks juice and delight 	0
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk . 	1
by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen 	0
calculating fiend 	1
has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! '' 	1
in all , a great party 	1
this quality band 	1
pretentious , 	0
distinguishable 	1
in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care 	0
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices 	1
the worst possibilities of mankind 	0
for a bad film 	0
a satisfying destination 	1
ate a reeses 	1
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child . 	1
draws us in long 	1
the nightmare 	0
riveting documentary . 	1
entertaining feature 	1
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and 	1
it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 	1
, violent and mindless 	0
black hawk down with more heart 	1
it 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty . 	1
if downbeat , 	0
just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 	0
very good 	1
wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie 	1
be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play 	0
lovely toward the end 	1
think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn 	0
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it 	0
this filmmaker 's flailing reputation 	0
from largely flat and uncreative moments 	0
that steal your heart away 	1
bad at a fraction the budget 	0
interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic 	1
on and on to the point of nausea 	0
lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context . 	0
endear itself 	1
of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater 	1
is fantastic 	1
the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful 	1
because it has a bigger-name cast 	1
the high standards 	1
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary . 	1
inescapable absurdities 	0
of outrageous force and craven concealment 	0
is capped with pointless extremes 	0
clever , offbeat and even gritty enough 	1
vivid , convincing performances 	1
love , longing , 	1
's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible 	1
transcend genre 	1
deftly captures 	1
if the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start . 	1
high standards 	1
its clumsiness 	0
, it is a great film . 	1
even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly 	0
me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch 	0
in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace 	0
thanks to the presence 	1
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration . 	1
forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . 	0
genre a bad name 	0
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear . 	0
my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it 	0
there are some laughs in this movie 	1
just does n't have big screen magic 	0
mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant 	1
potent exploration 	1
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ... 	0
can fully succeed at cheapening it . 	0
it with ring , an indisputably spooky film 	1
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste . 	0
does little here but point at things that explode into flame 	0
unholy 	0
as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful 	1
often demented in a good way , 	1
capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves 	0
4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking . 	0
an extremely flat lead performance 	0
this is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year . 	1
is almost entirely witless and inane , 	0
is worse 	0
own idiosyncratic way 	1
the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 	0
rich and 	1
has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists 	1
typical toback machinations 	0
creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness 	0
enormous feeling 	1
an infinitely wittier version 	1
takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers . 	1
creative film 	1
singularly off-putting romantic comedy . 	0
anteing up some movie star charisma 	1
'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter 	0
does n't add anything fresh to the myth . 	0
good spirits 	1
the nonconformist in us 	1
blandness 	0
finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality . 	1
shift 	1
admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time . 	0
made off with your wallet 	0
the art demands live viewing . 	1
heartening in the same way 	1
you know the picture is in trouble . 	0
more goodies 	1
japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman ... 	0
subtlety and acumen 	1
the stills might make a nice coffee table book 	0
with spike lee 's masterful 	1
chimes in on the grieving process and 	1
bilked 	0
wiseman 's warmest 	1
captivating as the rowdy participants think it is 	1
behind cutesy film references 	1
, i have given this movie a rating of zero . 	0
if you go , pack your knitting needles . 	0
a witty , low-key romantic comedy 	1
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . 	0
many excesses 	0
mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists 	1
a modicum of patience 	1
for the toilet and scores a direct hit 	0
`` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face . 	0
distinguish one sci-fi work 	1
at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value 	1
idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger 	1
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable 	1
like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive 	0
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible . 	0
they just do n't work in concert . 	0
even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention 	0
is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee 	1
a haunting sense of malaise 	0
happy , heady jumble 	1
, it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken 	0
lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile 	0
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value 	1
combined with stunning animation . 	1
added disdain 	0
warmth and longing 	1
plain old 	0
is validated by the changing composition of the nation 	1
the promise of excitement 	1
scathing 	0
buckaroo 	1
competent performers 	1
grueling 	0
tv cop show cliches 	0
both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in 	1
to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state 	1
that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety 	1
works - mostly due to its superior cast 	1
a good old-fashioned adventure 	1
or , worse yet , nonexistent -- 	0
scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play . 	1
with grace and humor and 	1
a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood 	1
falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries 	0
you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 	0
a remarkably cohesive whole , 	1
slack complacency 	0
is the piece works brilliantly . 	1
minimal appreciation 	0
lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires 	0
even better 	1
, the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . 	0
episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight . 	0
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up 	1
these people 	0
`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store '' 	1
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment 	1
reason to go 	1
of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 	1
cheesy dialogue 	0
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , 	0
is both a snore and utter tripe . 	0
is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless 	0
of a self-destructive man 	0
i last walked out on a movie 	0
is always sympathetic 	1
delightfully cheeky 	1
a thriller with an edge -- 	1
in the worst way 	0
an ease in front of the camera 	1
noisy and 	0
with attractive men 	1
straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company 	0
enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment 	1
unclean 	0
a portrait of alienation so perfect 	1
overwhelming pleasure 	1
lousy movie 	0
of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	1
teaming 	1
is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally 	1
made up for its rather slow beginning 	1
quite the genre-busting film 	1
guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 	0
episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust 	0
as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , 	0
what punk 	0
the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash 	0
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but 	0
of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice 	0
of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film 	0
love the robust middle of this picture 	1
filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car 	0
sneering humor 	1
, you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort 	0
of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other 	1
everybody , wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? 	0
most daring , and 	1
ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 	0
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama . 	1
not a classic , 	0
he script is n't up to the level of the direction 	1
the performances , for the most part , credible 	1
thought the relationships were wonderful 	1
combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream 	1
us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows 	1
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but 	0
of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller 	1
a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . 	1
no lie 	1
no new friends 	0
more appealing holiday-season product 	1
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom 	1
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for 	0
while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be 	1
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy . 	0
artistic aspirations 	1
infamy 	0
swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 	1
downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves 	0
this bold move works 	1
, grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other . 	1
is hartley 's least accessible screed yet . 	0
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children . 	1
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view . 	1
leaves something to be desired . 	0
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks 	1
several plodding action sequences 	0
a worthy entry 	1
is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean . 	0
yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth 	1
of dead bodies 	1
's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . 	1
a sharp satire 	1
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle . 	0
aimed at mom and dad 's wallet 	0
chilling 	1
the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be . 	1
the best kind 	1
skullduggery and 	0
competently directed but terminally cute drama . 	1
peril 	1
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- is authentic . 	0
good measure 	1
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie 	1
a heroine as feisty and 	1
romp of a film 	1
deserving of its critical backlash and more . 	0
a flashy editing style 	1
's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow 	0
this deeply touching melodrama 	1
that we have come to love 	1
, barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . 	1
watchable 	1
is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years . 	1
's worth taking the kids to . 	1
ugly , revolting movie 	0
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime . 	0
but the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes . 	0
at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 	1
achieved 	1
depressed about anything before watching this film 	0
* corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space 	1
light , silly 	1
the incessant use of cell phones 	0
of astonishing grandeur 	1
a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women 	0
more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle 	1
moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say 	1
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable . 	0
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation . 	1
takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it 	0
should have stayed there . 	0
a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen 	1
unexpectedly moving meditation 	1
avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away 	0
too crude to serve the work especially well 	0
treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate 	1
` refreshing 	1
the cleverness , the weirdness and 	1
it 's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . 	1
visually masterful 	1
slap her - she 's not funny 	0
highly pleasurable 	1
the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow 	1
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear . 	1
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure 	0
full of life , hand gestures , and some 	1
the most exciting action films 	1
gradually sneaks up on the audience 	1
good old-fashioned adventure 	1
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : 	1
clear and reliable an authority 	1
boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances 	1
find millions of eager fans 	1
formidable arithmetic 	0
distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine 	0
for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs 	1
so appealing about the characters 	1
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted . 	0
love reading and/or poetry 	1
and powerful documentary 	1
is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original 	1
get him a few laughs but nothing else 	0
, the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first . 	1
it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . 	1
explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily 	0
without much success 	0
comes far closer than many movies 	1
go hand in hand with talent 	1
a solidly entertaining 	1
nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while 	1
's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments 	0
for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	0
slow and ponderous , but rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption 	1
long on glamour 	1
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild . 	1
sweet and memorable film . 	1
nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale 	0
find that real natural , even-flowing tone 	1
harsh objectivity and refusal 	0
authentic account 	1
yet it 's potentially just as rewarding 	1
of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace 	1
anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation 	1
is clearly extraordinarily talented 	1
delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario 	1
something of a public service -- 	1
its thrills and extreme emotions 	1
, miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 	1
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , 	0
to send your regrets 	0
could fail to respond 	0
much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice 	0
with the best of them 	1
classic fairy tale 	1
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- 	0
was vile enough 	0
a bland 	0
punchier 	1
to the concept of loss 	0
paramount imprint 	0
to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout 	1
no rest period , no timeout 	0
all its excess debris 	0
mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 	1
amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way . 	0
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time . 	1
to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue 	0
much of it is funny 	1
an action hero with table manners 	1
love , memory , history and 	1
takes a sudden turn and devolves 	0
are totally estranged from reality . 	0
clichés . 	0
save everyone the misery 	0
is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it 	0
a puritanical brand of christianity 	1
make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	1
replacing john carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage . 	0
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly 	0
guessable from the first few minutes 	0
that quickly wears out its limited welcome 	0
new friends 	1
elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly 	0
by the shadowy lighting 	1
of important developments of the computer industry 	1
his top-notch creative team 	1
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day 	0
see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 	1
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but 	1
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , 	1
watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? 	0
quiet family drama 	1
( the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful . 	1
is that it 's a brazenly misguided project 	0
vaguely interesting 	1
tickles the funny bone 	1
this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny 	0
struggling to create 	0
carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery 	0
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie 	1
the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective . 	1
graced 	1
predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 	1
together frustrating difficult 	0
that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool 	0
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill . 	1
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you . 	1
future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 	1
it 's a talking head documentary , but a great one . 	1
great performances , stylish cinematography 	1
one of the best actors there is 	1
that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side 	1
outright newness 	1
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular . 	1
the stylistic rigors 	1
more contemporary 	1
as hilariously raunchy as south park 	1
marvelously 	1
to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face 	1
lousy 	0
beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness . 	1
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter . 	0
a good deal funnier than his original 	1
a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii 	1
drawn in by the sympathetic characters 	1
that make it well worth watching 	1
prepare to marvel again . 	1
even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out 	1
pristine 	1
as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery 	1
of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 	0
strategies 	1
lagging near the finish line 	0
resident evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail . 	0
weak and strong 	1
it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films . 	1
has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises . 	1
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque 	1
without bludgeoning the audience over the head 	1
does its predecessors proud 	1
, poignancy , and intelligence 	1
may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers . 	0
gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error 	0
an immensely appealing couple 	1
refreshes the mind and spirit 	1
the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout 	1
and unforgettable characters 	1
great 	1
a promising work-in-progress 	1
lush and beautifully 	1
funniest and most accurate 	1
feel like a 10-course banquet 	1
living harmoniously 	1
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality . 	0
keen insights 	1
is difficult to connect with on any deeper level 	0
... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . 	0
considered a funny little film 	1
engaged 	1
the value and respect 	1
worse stunt editing or 	0
dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera 	1
an excellent choice 	1
again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent 	0
sucking you 	0
particularly amateurish 	0
is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects 	1
infectious 	1
have a good shot at a hollywood career , 	1
of dramatic fireworks 	1
which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 	0
their quirky inner selves 	1
smart comedy 	1
like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people . 	0
someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . 	0
the obnoxious special effects 	0
loud , bang-the-drum 	0
the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings 	1
takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze 	1
less funny than it should be and 	0
of those films that aims to confuse 	0
funniest person 	1
snail-like pacing 	0
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; 	1
shot like a postcard 	1
false 	0
style , structure and rhythms 	1
visceral sensation 	1
has a monopoly on mindless action 	0
of work and 2002 's first great film 	1
outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks 	0
pure craft and passionate heart 	1
manual 	0
to get in the way 	0
thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . 	0
loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience 	1
, treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 	1
american sports 	1
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy . 	0
perfectly rendered period piece 	1
schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness . 	0
lot to be desired 	0
is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 	1
droll whimsy 	0
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun 	0
a high-minded snoozer . 	0
hitler 's 	0
an admirable rigor 	1
less a movie 	0
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; 	1
epic four-hour indian musical 	1
is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes 	0
at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it 	0
of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies 	1
stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions 	0
at odds with the rest of the film 	0
crapulence 	0
slick and manufactured to claim street credibility 	1
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance 	0
like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin . 	1
leguizamo 's best movie work so far 	1
understated piece 	1
to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic 	1
ca n't recommend it . 	0
proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool 	0
, you 're far better served by the source material . 	0
her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	0
is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 	0
angry 	0
descends into sub-tarantino cuteness 	0
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop 	1
portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite 	1
unshapely 	0
bring something new 	1
bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	0
balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . 	1
a cinematic fluidity and sense 	1
orgasm 	1
like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . 	0
tub-thumpingly 	1
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but 	1
seeing justice served 	1
've told a nice little story in the process 	1
thought-provoking new york fest 	1
of an especially well-executed television movie 	1
good action , good acting , good dialogue 	1
animation back 30 years , 	0
keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 	0
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something 	1
a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil 	1
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly 	0
would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at 	0
is n't very funny . 	0
does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects . 	0
elegantly produced and 	1
's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	1
tian 's meticulous talent 	1
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre 	1
silly and overwrought 	0
the metaphors are provocative , but 	1
has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film 	0
may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 	1
do n't understand what on earth is going on 	0
their heroic capacity for good 	1
accomplishment 	1
gentle and biting 	1
of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid 	1
an intelligent weepy 	1
the charisma 	1
the scariest guy 	0
will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned 	0
rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ... 	1
's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . 	0
anarchy 	0
most compelling 	1
only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond 	1
leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 	0
a delightful little film 	1
of the hilarious writer-director himself 	1
on a wal-mart budget 	0
the truth about charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project . 	0
to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories 	1
the ultimate imax trip 	1
bored 	0
image-mongering 	0
you love him 	1
` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks 	0
dud from frame one 	0
gratuitous cinematic distractions 	1
is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise 	1
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism 	0
can such a cold movie 	0
'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action 	1
is both stimulating and demanding . 	1
misogyny and unprovoked 	0
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all . 	1
no steve martin 	0
mediocre acting 	0
acted and directed 	0
exhausted by documentarians 	0
slummer 	0
an undeniably intriguing film 	1
downhill 	0
something to behold 	1
offended by his lack of faith in his audience 	0
a slight and uninventive movie 	0
just a waste 	0
gross romanticization of the delusional personality type 	0
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 	0
natural running time 	1
its own preciousness 	1
a hypnotic portrait 	1
is actually one of its strengths . 	1
grew hideously twisted 	0
it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness . 	0
even the corniest and 	0
with pitch-perfect acting 	1
maintains suspense on different levels 	1
much of jonah simply , and gratefully , 	1
very good time 	1
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? ' 	0
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , 	0
could dredge up 	0
felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 	0
something new 	1
come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick 	0
with calamity 	0
must be a serious contender for the title 	1
the cliché-riddled genre can offer 	0
crass , low-wattage endeavor 	0
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map . 	1
are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent 	1
anger 	0
the viewer expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash . 	0
you are n't very bright 	0
scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys 	1
one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates 	0
narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power 	1
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently 	1
a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama 	1
his best-known creation 	1
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis . 	1
in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius . 	0
wise and powerful tale 	1
the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	0
by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm 	1
haul 'em to the theater 	1
a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories 	1
snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure 	0
does n't disappoint 	1
make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat 	1
this choppy and sloppy affair 	0
the cartoon 	1
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . 	0
looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 	1
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman 	1
so many talented people were convinced to waste their time 	0
quirky rip-off prison 	0
that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company 	0
of the austin powers films 	1
how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan 	1
a very very strong `` b + 	1
a routine crime 	0
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value . 	0
accepting him 	1
was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism 	0
at least it 's a funny no-brainer 	1
go the distance 	1
stoked 	1
city by the sea swings from one 	1
, the update is dreary and sluggish . 	0
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised . 	0
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring 	1
is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	0
as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 	1
estranged gay and lesbian children 	1
a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth 	1
it 's as good as you remember . 	1
und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily 	0
a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism 	0
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough 	1
is pretty weary 	0
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end 	1
the observations 	1
joyous , turbulent self-discovery 	1
its soul 	1
auteuil is a goofy pleasure 	1
got to my inner nine-year-old 	1
but not without cheesy fun factor . 	1
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book 	0
superficial and 	0
seems uncertain 	0
an a-list director 	1
imponderably stilted and 	0
is as visceral as a gut punch 	1
has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance 	1
'll have a good time with this one too 	1
viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it . 	0
seem tired 	0
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic . 	1
this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 	1
offers chills 	1
all the stronger because of it 	1
what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special 	1
last walked out on a movie 	0
will love its fantasy and adventure 	1
the israeli/palestinian conflict as 	0
that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 	1
gathering dust 	0
the robust middle of this picture 	1
dull procession 	0
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense 	0
land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . 	1
between farcical and loathsome 	0
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , 	1
small but rewarding 	1
the ambiguous welcome 	1
teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop 	0
proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure 	1
this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy . 	1
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen . 	1
untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate 	0
the survivors 	1
i 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , 	0
unfulfilled 	0
lack-of-attention 	0
is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary 	0
an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 	0
cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron 	1
a measure of faith in the future 	1
i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed 	0
she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another 	0
sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati 	1
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life . 	1
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... 	0
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals 	0
wallowing in hormonal melodrama 	0
it 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly . 	0
to be clever , amusing and unpredictable 	1
gently funny , sweetly adventurous film 	1
adds a much needed moral weight 	1
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail 	1
adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film 	0
most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups 	1
cultivation and 	1
move with grace and panache 	1
the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film 	1
sit through , enjoy on a certain level 	1
made the first film so special 	1
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar 	0
of a truly magical movie 	1
the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza 	1
suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion 	0
childhood innocence 	1
nincompoop benigni persona 	0
epic scale 	1
find it diverting 	0
moving portrait 	1
horrendously confusing 	0
so much passion 	1
's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage . 	1
if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise 	0
, it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . 	0
nicely understated expression 	1
( or robert aldrich 	1
admire it 	1
often-hilarious 	1
entertaining and informative 	1
lulled 	0
more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus 	0
for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already 	0
surprising discovery 	1
's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia 	0
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end 	0
... too sappy for its own good . 	0
less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror . 	0
completely satisfying 	1
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy . 	1
heavy-handed , manipulative 	0
well-made 	1
live happily 	1
snobbery 	0
, the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . 	1
the q in quirky 	1
an odd but ultimately satisfying blend 	1
take on loss and loneliness 	0
is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still 	0
wide-smiling 	1
appeals 	1
the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes 	0
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake 	0
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget . 	1
be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	1
what more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ? 	0
it is nearly impossible to look at or understand 	0
an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 	0
imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers 	1
manages to string together enough charming moments to work 	1
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama 	1
tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . 	1
buck or 	0
the beauty of the piece 	1
the acting is robotically italicized , 	0
to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece 	1
manufactured to claim street credibility 	0
better than any summer blockbuster 	1
too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy 	0
shame 	0
much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them 	1
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains 	1
letdown . 	0
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and 	1
top-notch 	1
some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe 	0
top form 	1
ranks as the most original in years . 	1
this leaden comedy 	0
this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert 	0
holland lets things peter out midway , but 	0
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood . 	1
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen . 	0
discursive but oddly riveting documentary 	1
back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present 	1
most ordinary and obvious 	0
is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem 	1
's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama . 	1
really a thriller so much 	1
charming , banter-filled comedy 	1
the film delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans . 	1
uncomfortable class resentment 	0
why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 	0
, loud , painful , obnoxious 	0
of junk 	0
in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor 	1
's drab 	0
those who are drying out from spring break 	1
a slight but sweet film 	1
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin 	0
be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees 	1
leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts 	1
terrific insider 	1
hopelessly 	0
several cliched movie structures : 	0
messy and frustrating 	0
with vivid characters and a warm , moving message 	1
most brilliant and brutal uk crime film 	1
plotless collection 	0
manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	0
, the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 	0
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect 	1
what `` empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart . 	1
energy and excitement 	1
in imagination and authentic christmas spirit 	1
natured 	1
injects just enough freshness 	1
gentle but insistent 	1
life in the performances 	1
unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker 	1
, this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 	0
most daring , and complicated , performances 	1
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu 	0
, baroque beauty 	1
a chance to see three splendid actors 	1
constantly defies expectation 	1
lacking a depth 	0
a film that will enthrall the whole family . 	1
two flagrantly fake thunderstorms 	0
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want 	0
may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 . 	0
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and 	1
's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style 	1
be clever , amusing and unpredictable 	1
and yet completely familiar 	1
was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival 	1
's such a mechanical endeavor ( that ) it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 	0
immature and unappealing 	0
the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly 	1
, something is rotten in the state of california 	0
should see it as soon as possible . ' 	1
because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison 	0
ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . 	0
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age 	0
is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny 	0
birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while 	1
an addictive guilty pleasure but the material 	1
plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once 	0
-- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- 	1
films crammed with movie references 	0
they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half 	0
that 's all that 's going on here . 	0
a masterful work of art of their own 	1
approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise . 	0
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga 	0
affectionately 	1
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant . 	1
howler 	1
brutal mid 	0
the best espionage picture to come out in weeks 	1
can aspire but none can equal 	0
in all the right ways 	1
the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly . 	1
better video-game-based 	1
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- 	1
a forceful drama 	1
old-fashioned scary movie 	1
engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic 	1
unmemorable 	0
connection and concern 	1
blatantly biased 	0
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could . 	1
manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material 	1
that may not always work 	0
through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh 	0
take on loss and loneliness . 	0
stretches of impact and moments of awe 	1
by exceptional performances 	1
the film has ( its ) moments , but they are few and far between 	0
humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him 	0
director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ? 	0
is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept . 	0
lose their luster 	0
well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies . 	0
an awfully good , achingly human picture 	1
in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing 	1
several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes 	0
one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation . 	0
lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery 	0
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor 	0
impressively 	1
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan 	0
triumphantly 	1
one terrific score and attitude to spare 	1
haphazard , and inconsequential romantic 	0
mall movie 	0
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises . 	0
that extra little something 	1
big trouble could be considered a funny little film . 	1
lacks the inspiration of the original 	0
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema . 	1
helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter 	0
you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair 	0
trailer trash cinema 	0
's worse , routine 	0
and uninspired . 	0
grave 	0
comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance 	1
the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan could want . 	1
a wonderfully creepy mood 	1
grows on you -- like a rash . 	0
its success 	1
is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . 	0
energetic and engaging film 	1
that even its target audience talked all the way through it . 	0
( has ) an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 	1
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games 	0
too erotic 	0
a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times 	1
quite worth 	1
've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie 	0
never rise above the level of an after-school tv special 	0
of technical skill and rare depth 	1
a real documentary 	1
acting that could be any flatter 	0
the misconceived final 5 	1
strain 	0
intelligently 	1
such message-mongering moralism 	0
one-sided 	0
saves this deeply affecting film from being merely 	1
's mostly a pleasure to watch 	1
is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work 	0
what makes their project so interesting 	1
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low 	0
other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 	1
will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have . 	1
people who like their romances to have that french realism 	1
of my greatest pictures , drunken master 	1
pure venality -- 	0
no content 	0
a picture that was n't all that great to begin with 	0
does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 	1
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 	1
a sexy , surprising romance ... 	1
two fine actors 	1
going at a rapid pace , occasionally 	1
just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense . 	0
emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show 	0
the film becomes predictably conventional . 	0
sometimes tedious -- 	0
its floating narrative 	1
playwriting 	1
creativity , and fearlessness 	1
its laziest 	0
the battle bots 	1
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france . 	1
terrific to read about 	1
of insulting , both to men and women 	0
an unsympathetic hero 	0
pathetic , starving and untalented 	0
builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia 	1
get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen 	0
, period-perfect biopic hammers 	1
much worse than bland or better than inconsequential 	0
it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three 	0
an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work 	1
discover that the answer is as conventional as can be 	0
never clearly defines his characters 	0
what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings . 	1
if uneven , 	1
wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion 	0
, the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series . 	0
all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect 	1
, it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . 	0
is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality 	1
, lifeless 	0
a potentially incredibly twisting mystery 	1
a poor fit 	0
credible gender-provoking philosophy 	1
wisely 	1
energetic and smart 	1
this was lazy but enjoyable 	1
suffers from a flat script and a low budget 	0
brash , intelligent and 	1
represents two of those well spent 	1
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller . 	1
ourside the theater roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with 	1
that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	0
make this an eminently engrossing film . 	1
mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . 	1
a gracious , eloquent film 	1
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 	0
to gorgeous beaches 	1
it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say 	0
skims over the realities of gay sex 	0
, low-wattage 	0
a true cinematic knack 	1
of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film 	0
a one-star rating 	0
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary . 	1
is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . 	0
drug culture 	1
not a hollywood product 	0
a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs 	1
it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson 	1
over his head 	0
pays tribute 	1
disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service 	0
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and 	1
the acting is amateurish , 	0
the film that surprises or delights 	1
, it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie 	0
waiting for things 	1
speaks for itself 	1
to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending 	0
... a pretentious mess ... 	0
wildly alive 	1
companionable 	1
brightly optimistic 	1
the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art 	0
even less capable trio 	0
turning into a black hole of dullness 	0
emerges as a numbingly dull experience 	0
original nor terribly funny 	0
minded patience , respect and affection 	1
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards 	0
mindless action 	0
is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . 	0
is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut 	1
should definitely get top billing 	1
a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most 	1
viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances 	0
to go around , with music and laughter 	1
two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	0
on an inferior level 	0
frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds 	0
go hand in hand 	1
manage to be spectacularly outrageous . 	1
a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter 	0
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza 	0
a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd . 	1
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings 	0
best short story writing 	1
a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half 	0
characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time 	1
a pleasant and engaging enough sit 	1
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences . 	0
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull 	0
captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes 	1
that they are doing it is thought-provoking . 	1
the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , 	0
the thornier aspects 	0
of cliches 	0
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series . 	1
puts the sting back into the con 	1
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement 	1
thoroughly satisfying entertainment 	1
it 's great for the kids 	1
to absurd lengths 	0
absurdities and clichés 	0
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions 	1
'' is entertaining . 	1
does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 	0
oddly honest 	1
visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure . 	1
less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine 	0
in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . 	0
its 112-minute length 	0
drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category 	0
little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding 	0
issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 	0
the top japanese animations of recent vintage 	1
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , 	0
a courageous scottish lady 	1
about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities 	0
most daring , 	1
without sacrificing its high-minded appeal 	1
not once does it come close to being exciting . 	0
a rambling and incoherent manifesto 	0
claim to express warmth and longing 	1
about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 	1
, they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either . 	0
undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice 	0
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans 	1
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments 	1
the film for anyone 	1
about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza 	1
's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart 	1
... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone . 	0
hooks us completely 	1
'' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! '' 	1
through this mess 	0
a schlocky creature 	0
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about drumline is its energy . 	1
employs to authenticate her british persona 	1
davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort . 	1
imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty 	0
has a flair for dialogue comedy 	1
lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments 	0
fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality 	1
watching a rerun 	0
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , 	1
masochism 	0
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them . 	0
as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover 	1
this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout . 	0
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs 	1
to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) 	1
loud , silly , stupid and pointless . 	0
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm . 	1
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story 	1
its intelligence and intensity 	1
poignant and moving 	1
captivating . 	1
bombshell 	1
rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' 	0
some clever scripting solutions 	1
major pleasures 	1
sick and demented humor 	0
should appreciate its whimsical humor 	1
humanly funny film 	1
is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay . 	0
a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving 	1
truly distinctive 	1
is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie . 	0
a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell 	1
an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries 	1
head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work 	1
one of my greatest pictures , drunken master 	1
the best next generation episodes 	1
it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 	0
pleasurable movies 	1
at keeping themselves kicking 	1
's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter 	0
offers large rewards 	1
have done in half an hour 	0
high-adrenaline documentary . 	1
honor the many faceless victims 	1
a treatise on spirituality as well as 	1
good match 	1
irksome characters 	0
, labute continues to improve . 	1
entirely memorable 	1
been called freddy gets molested by a dog 	0
mindless 	0
a been-there , 	0
that is sure to win viewers ' hearts 	1
this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature 	1
told with competence 	1
is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus 	1
as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds 	1
soul-searching garbage . 	0
sharper , cleaner script 	1
generally a huge fan 	1
really busts out of its comfy little cell 	1
... the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . 	0
that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british 	0
rank 	0
iconic 	1
the wise-beyond-her-years teen 	1
of liveliness 	1
have finally aged past his prime ... and , 	0
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever . 	0
this obscenely bad dark comedy , 	0
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself 	0
seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil . 	1
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , 	0
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical 	1
is genuinely inspirational 	1
most thoughtful fictional examination 	1
how can you charge money for this ? ' 	0
the ultimate scorsese film 	1
heightened , well-shaped dramas 	1
a director i admire 	1
plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 	1
a breakthrough 	1
listless , witless , and 	0
excels in spectacle and pacing . 	1
to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 	0
a fully engaged supporting cast 	1
low-rent -- and even lower-wit 	0
'' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 	0
unknowable 	0
a spirit that can not be denied 	1
disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 	0
be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera 	1
you 'll still have a good time . '' 	1
the modern rut of narrative banality 	0
has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation . 	0
if you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 	1
cram too many ingredients 	0
great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense 	1
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves . 	1
thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations 	1
a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but 	1
it an above-average thriller 	1
impossible spot 	0
dave barry 's popular book of the same name 	1
as unusually and unimpressively fussy 	0
too much exploitation 	0
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines 	0
a film in a class with spike lee 's masterful 	1
furious 	0
saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) 	0
have to admit i walked out of runteldat 	0
the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure 	1
style and 	1
crisp and purposeful 	1
cute animals 	1
a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic 	1
is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . 	0
hugely enjoyable in its own right 	1
wo n't enjoy the movie at all . 	0
recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes 	0
depressing 	0
pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them . 	1
vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much 	0
violent and mindless 	0
taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . 	0
interested 	1
a worthwhile documentary , 	1
pedestrian 	1
does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny . 	0
scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious 	0
buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie 	1
he 's the god of second chances ' 	1
a high-end john hughes comedy 	1
made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters 	1
is rich in emotional texture 	1
that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and 	1
inimitable 	1
has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 	0
with the same number of continuity errors 	0
extraordinarily rich 	1
ultimate movie experience 	1
the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	0
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and 	0
old-fashioned in all the best possible ways 	1
never succumbs to sensationalism 	1
spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative . 	1
will be well worth your time . 	1
a very good viewing alternative for young women 	1
interesting enough 	1
77 minutes of pokemon 	0
fanboy 	0
a disappointment 	0
drag two-thirds through 	0
more interested in entertaining itself 	0
only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch 	0
a slice of american pie hijinks 	1
coming apart at its seams 	0
transcends ethnic lines . 	0
lacking any sense of commitment to 	0
the director 's 	1
a memorable directorial debut from king hunk 	1
works better in the conception than it does in the execution 	0
welsh whimsy 	1
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending 	1
plucks 	1
quirky movie to be made from curling 	1
this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . 	1
the shackles of its own clichés 	0
soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore 	0
this is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn . 	1
put away 	0
has-been 	0
drag it down to mediocrity 	0
a brilliant piece 	1
most savagely hilarious 	1
the plot ` surprises ' 	1
of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent 	1
what 's worse , routine 	0
as much humor as pathos 	1
navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	1
tacky and reprehensible 	0
the best straight-up 	1
provides a fresh view of an old type 	1
it was at least funny 	1
simple and soapy 	1
trying to be other films 	0
schneider 's performance is so fine 	1
a big heart 	1
stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel . 	0
the personal touch of manual animation 	1
demons 	0
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish . 	0
leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors . 	1
gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling 	1
very compelling , sensitive 	1
like kissing jessica stein , amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . 	1
contradiction 	0
trudge 	0
in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 	1
do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role 	1
yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . 	0
in fact , the best in recent memory 	1
a kind of hard , cold effect 	0
clever in spots 	1
is as delightful as it is derivative 	1
has it beat by a country mile 	0
with dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction 	1
the more you will probably like it . 	1
the unnamed , easily substitutable forces 	0
the needlessly poor quality 	0
be distinguished from a mediocre one 	1
has never looked uglier . 	0
need comforting fantasies about mental illness 	0
rage and alienation 	0
very stupid and annoying . 	0
thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . 	1
but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 	0
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 	0
the story has its redundancies 	0
delivers a surprising 	1
that is presented with universal appeal 	1
huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine . 	1
beautifully shot , delicately 	1
counts heart as important as humor 	1
heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable 	0
too neat and new pin-like 	0
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , 	1
a monumental achievement 	1
sweet 	1
brainless , 	0
waters it down , 	0
ludicrous and contrived plot 	0
, it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 	1
probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists 	0
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment 	0
gets bogged down over 140 minutes 	0
started with a great premise and then just fell apart 	0
a dashing and resourceful hero ; 	1
avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill 	1
complicated plotting and banal dialogue 	0
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . 	0
ineffable 	1
failings 	0
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story . 	1
the characters sound like real people 	1
standout performance 	1
comatose 	0
, warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . 	1
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition 	1
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama . 	0
` cultural revolution 	1
the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film 	0
come even easier . 	1
fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved 	1
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit 	1
mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material 	1
the answer is as conventional as can be 	0
human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart 	0
recommend it 	1
the charisma and ability 	1
uneven 	0
so lackluster 	0
natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel 	1
never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 	1
is its essential problem 	0
caffeinated , sloppy brilliance 	1
what the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean . 	0
seem fresh again 	1
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film . 	1
being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams 	0
the screenplay , but rather 	1
for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood 	0
we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized . 	0
remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career . 	1
a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory 	0
a little old-fashioned storytelling 	1
's a heaven for bad movies 	0
the biggest names in japanese anime 	1
rushed , slapdash , 	0
something special 	1
it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief 	1
comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising . 	1
modus 	1
a film with almost as many 	1
retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing 	0
-- in the title role -- 	1
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter 	1
become a household name 	1
invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs 	0
fit in any modern action movie 	1
rich in emotional texture 	1
as if it belongs on the big screen 	1
the production details are lavish 	1
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction 	0
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast 	0
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits . 	1
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore 	0
unimaginable demons 	0
goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly 	0
these people are really going to love the piano teacher . 	1
should get all five 	1
hackery 	0
but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 	0
the point of nausea 	0
realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 	1
be of interest primarily to its target audience 	1
blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance 	0
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided 	0
going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films 	1
deserves , at the very least , 	1
its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start . 	1
leave this loser 	0
's no accident 	1
manufactured to me and artificial 	0
delicious , quirky movie 	1
everyone 's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships . 	1
any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country 	0
emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing 	0
it 's not particularly well made 	0
, and unforgettable characters 	1
a sad , soggy potboiler 	0
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and 	1
also is difficult to fathom . 	0
busts out of its comfy little cell 	1
that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light 	1
companion 	1
the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language 	1
through the constraints of its source 	0
laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 	1
aimless for much of its running time , 	0
the superficial tensions 	0
the charm of satin rouge 	1
that it looks neat 	1
across as shallow and glib though 	0
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense 	0
you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth 	0
funniest and most accurate depiction 	1
's really well directed 	1
strong filmmaking 	1
foolish choices 	0
celebratory 	1
about otherwise dull subjects 	0
funny and human 	1
such conviction 	1
sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 	0
numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy 	0
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story . 	0
well spent 	1
engrossing piece 	1
taboo 	0
lame and sophomoric 	0
, my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . 	0
a remarkably faithful one 	1
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is 	0
the cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired 	1
a superior crime movie 	1
may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed 	1
, a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , 	1
's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one . 	0
whether we 're supposed to shriek 	0
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters 	1
showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . 	1
charming and quirky 	1
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary 	0
every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera 	0
racism and homophobia 	0
robbed and replaced 	0
that best describes this film : honest 	1
flexible 	1
the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce 	0
poetic force and 	1
as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects 	0
ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film 	1
quite tasty and 	1
i 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point . 	0
's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . 	1
's hardly any fun to watch 	0
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message . 	0
has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic 	1
is visually smart , 	1
a visually compelling one 	1
talky films 	0
climax 	1
glaring triteness 	0
pretty and gifted , it really won my heart 	1
like real people 	1
be fertile sources of humor 	1
has no point and goes nowhere 	0
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess 	0
best and most unpredictable comedy 	1
eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension 	0
a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** 	0
with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 	0
, it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance . 	1
precious and finely cut diamond 	1
take us on his sentimental journey of the heart 	1
( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense . 	0
wide-awake all the way 	1
it struck a chord in me 	1
to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies 	1
the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up 	0
clichés 	0
despite its flaws ... belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . 	1
the movie lacks in action 	0
alienating 	0
be consigned to the dustbin of history 	0
saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate 	0
settles too easily along the contours of expectation 	0
us 	1
young talent 	1
- spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together . 	0
a helping hand 	1
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber 	1
this much imagination and nerve 	1
tiny little jokes and nary an original idea 	0
confused , and totally disorientated 	0
business and pleasure 	1
artwork 	1
the human race splitting in two 	0
sexy slip 	1
a satisfying crime drama 	1
merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way 	0
its overinflated mythology 	0
pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry . 	0
narratively complex 	1
the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen 	1
savvy director robert j. siegel and 	1
magic and whimsy 	1
terrible , banal dialogue ; 	0
slow , uneventful 	0
love interest 	1
its attractive young leads 	1
that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be 	1
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september . 	0
without a glimmer of intelligence or invention 	0
leaping from one arresting image to another 	1
'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls 	0
low-budget , video-shot 	0
from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film 	1
's a bad action movie 	0
keep this 	1
great help from kevin kline 	1
jane wyman and 	1
a compassionate , 	1
ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film 	0
do n't care about being stupid 	0
farcical and loathsome 	0
neatly 	1
is too short 	0
too goodly , 	1
you will never forget 	1
's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur 	1
vivid with color , music and life 	1
loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . 	0
well-defined 	1
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing . 	1
of no real consequence 	0
staggers between flaccid satire and what 	0
her material is not first-rate 	0
real audience-pleaser 	1
the humor wry and sprightly 	1
, lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 	0
forced to follow 	0
as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something 	0
shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . 	1
dismally dull sci-fi comedy . 	0
give what may be the performances of their careers 	1
satisfying well-made 	1
does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this 	0
of quiet power 	1
nevertheless efficiently 	1
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing 	1
does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . 	0
rolling over in their graves 	0
to the power of the eccentric and the strange 	1
, washington has a sure hand . 	1
, this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes . 	0
will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers . 	0
unreligious 	0
too much of storytelling moves away from solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries . 	0
bloated plot 	0
the high standards of performance 	1
saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy 	1
a cool event for the whole family 	1
the annoyance of that chatty fish 	0
accessible and 	1
a tart , smart breath of fresh air 	1
movie star charisma 	1
gracefully 	1
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and 	1
who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep 	1
atrocious 	0
, this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 	0
the delicious trimmings 	1
the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , 	1
you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 	1
share their enthusiasm 	1
( and beautifully edited ) 	1
grips and holds you in rapt attention from 	1
ferocity and thoughtfulness 	1
terrible story 	0
finely crafted , finely written 	1
stylish sizzle 	1
that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood 	1
pokey 	0
the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen 	1
of spirit 	1
a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story 	1
is not a bad movie , just mediocre . 	0
a certain charm 	1
tries too hard to be emotional 	0
quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers . 	1
, it 's quite fun in places . 	1
vibrant with originality 	1
the peak of all things insipid 	0
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 	0
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well 	0
spare wildlife 	1
is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy 	1
is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted 	1
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia . 	0
an hour-and-a-half-long commercial 	0
makes one thing abundantly clear . 	1
pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them 	1
outstanding originality 	1
to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers 	1
that 's what makes it worth a recommendation 	1
, non-exploitive approach 	1
a wonderful tale 	1
ages that is n't fake fun 	1
a fresh view 	1
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh 	1
it 's sort of in-between , and it works . 	1
, energetic and original 	1
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , 	0
much entertainment value 	1
wrong with this ricture 	0
elegant entertainment 	1
like a wet burlap sack of gloom 	0
called `` jar-jar binks : the movie 	0
davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences . 	1
's just as wonderful on the big screen 	1
rather dull , unimaginative car chase 	0
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast . 	0
the story has some nice twists but the ending and 	1
, pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel . 	0
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part . 	0
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing . 	1
bad-movie way 	0
outstanding feature debut 	1
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story . 	1
creative contributions 	1
kinda wrong in places 	0
a summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution . 	0
so larger than life and 	1
we were soldiers 	1
to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	1
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles 	1
in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack 	0
shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . 	1
the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 	1
in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings 	0
find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie 	0
of the worst films of the summer 	0
super - 	1
squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had 	0
's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out 	0
an underachiever , 	0
, politically charged tapestry 	1
treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody 	1
screeching-metal 	0
savvy , compelling 	1
does n't make for great cinema 	0
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution . 	1
love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 	1
, is of overwhelming waste 	0
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , 	1
like its hero 	1
is funny , scary and sad . 	1
new adaptation 	1
, at least terribly monotonous 	0
is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating 	1
of nonsense 	0
taylor 's cartoonish performance 	0
performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career 	1
elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk 	1
it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works 	1
it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest 	1
to call the film ` refreshing 	1
even less capable 	0
of torture and self-mutilation 	0
intricate , intimate and intelligent 	1
112-minute 	1
is well told 	1
has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side . 	1
if i want music , i 'll buy the soundtrack . 	0
worldly knowledge 	1
is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics 	0
drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . 	1
the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one . 	1
a smile , just sneers and bile 	0
and murky cinematography 	0
is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time 	1
pixar 's 	1
makes the experience worthwhile 	1
that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots 	0
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions 	0
string together enough charming moments to work 	1
to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	0
be an important movie , or even a good one 	1
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring 	1
to be a part of that elusive adult world 	1
as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film 	0
sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play 	1
perfect balance 	1
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core 	0
water torture 	0
you wo n't care 	0
most sincere and artful movie 	1
alternately melancholic , hopeful 	1
paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor 	0
everyone , especially movie musical fans 	1
the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes 	1
than awe 	1
partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- 	0
cyndi lauper 	0
its contrivances 	1
it 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing . 	0
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and 	0
created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy 	1
too-frosty 	0
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship . 	1
gives a superb performance full of deep feeling 	1
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and 	1
polished and vastly entertaining caper 	1
hugely enjoyable 	1
negligible work 	0
she boxes these women 's souls right open for us . 	1
that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling 	1
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else 	0
clear and reliable 	1
irresistible package 	1
gets under our skin and draws us in long 	1
sad and rote exercise 	0
is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences 	1
is extraordinarily good 	1
an unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode . 	0
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window . 	0
draw people together 	1
derring-do 	1
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . 	0
prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences 	0
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , 	1
have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . 	0
what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest 	1
slam-bang extravaganza 	1
can see the forest for the trees 	1
up as the worst kind of hubristic folly 	0
devastating indictment 	1
this thing is just garbage . 	0
makes its point too well 	1
bold ( and lovely ) experiment 	1
might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants 	0
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough 	1
is a little tired 	0
an off-beat and fanciful film 	1
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , 	0
will be friends through thick and thin 	1
brought something fresher 	1
through the gloomy film noir veil 	0
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing 	1
from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness 	0
the more influential works 	1
the fun 	1
simple and innocent 	1
result in a movie that works against itself 	0
his reserved but existential poignancy 	1
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works 	1
bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals 	1
stay with the stage versions 	0
be me : fighting off the urge to doze 	0
simple but absorbing 	1
in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers 	1
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part 	1
work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose 	0
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 	0
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 	1
's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent 	1
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , 	1
donovan ... squanders his main asset , 	0
would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor . 	0
above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 	1
a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points . 	0
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' 	0
bo derek 	1
edward burns ' best film 	1
overproduced piece 	0
cutting impressions 	1
is that her confidence in her material is merited . 	1
noble endeavor 	1
shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film 	1
loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into 	0
gangster 	0
of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty 	0
to top form 	1
that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it 	0
is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year . 	0
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength 	0
spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 	0
, it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . 	0
this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole 	0
the border collie is funny 	1
is both convincing and radiant 	1
with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns 	1
weighted down 	0
where the film ultimately fails 	0
intense and effective film 	1
, indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . 	1
pointed personalities , courage , 	1
maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts . 	1
... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 	0
embellishment 	1
it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy 	0
bland hollywood romance 	0
intelligent flick 	1
strong and unforced 	1
rohmer 's talky films fascinate me 	1
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness 	0
, ` how can you charge money for this ? ' 	0
thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening 	0
the substance it so desperately needs 	0
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough . 	1
car-wreck 	0
could be this good 	1
an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle . 	1
meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 	1
one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director 	1
it 's in the action scenes that things fall apart . 	0
to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium 	0
a quirky , off-beat project 	1
it does n't take itself so deadly seriously 	1
impressive fake documentary 	1
either 11 times too many or else 	0
the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one . 	0
conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all . 	1
what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion . 	1
e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career . 	1
by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 	0
struggled 	0
who is too crazy to be interesting 	0
seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered 	0
a naturally funny film , home movie 	1
no good inside dope , and no particular bite 	0
a film with a great premise but only a great premise 	0
millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry . 	0
smokers only 	0
snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure . 	0
watching a walk to remember 	1
a smart , compelling drama . 	1
a chilling movie without oppressive 	1
that 's 86 minutes too long 	0
the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . 	1
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme 	0
sade achieves the near-impossible : 	1
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer . 	1
satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood 	1
about the pitfalls of bad behavior 	1
which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	0
f 	0
gorgeously 	1
porno flick 	0
a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . 	0
rather toothless take 	0
as an evil , monstrous lunatic 	0
, inflammatory film 	0
cutesy reliance 	0
a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease 	1
in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic 	1
choppy and sloppy affair 	0
as i 'm the one that i want 	1
down to mediocrity 	0
crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude 	0
an uncomfortable experience 	0
`` ( hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . 	0
no solace here , no entertainment value , 	0
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project 	0
intensely romantic , 	1
of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent 	1
ever-watchful 	1
comes across as lame and sophomoric 	0
a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor 	1
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper 	0
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer . 	0
utter mush ... conceited pap . 	0
... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . '' 	0
across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length 	1
and there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene 's story ends . 	1
take heart 	1
ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation 	1
odd , poetic road movie 	1
... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be . 	0
to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise 	1
, very enjoyable ... 	1
frustration 	0
for a barf bag 	0
he 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer . 	1
doze off thirty minutes 	0
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie . 	0
concocted 	0
warm , inviting , 	1
the most magical and most fun family fare 	1
shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper 	1
it 's also disappointing to a certain degree . 	0
poignant lyricism 	1
it 's tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too 	0
vivid , convincing 	1
gives it a buoyant delivery 	1
rises ) 	1
is n't much to it . 	0
, violent movie 	0
proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep 	1
comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 	1
that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies 	1
of dazzling pop entertainment 	1
which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies 	0
depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece 	0
a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings 	1
very sincere work 	1
precious little substance in birthday girl 	0
it 's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be . 	1
short-story quaint 	1
big selling point 	1
, energetic and smart 	1
the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it 	0
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad . 	1
it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness . 	0
loopy 	0
love that strikes a very resonant chord 	1
ugliness 	0
a bang-up job 	1
fascinating stories 	1
will probably be a talky bore . 	0
watch if you only had a week to live 	1
we 're seeing something purer than the real thing 	1
lovely , eerie film 	1
luckiest stroke 	1
in the place where a masterpiece should be 	1
breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina 	0
youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point 	1
that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline 	1
guy ritchie 's lock , 	1
cracked lunacy 	0
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip . 	0
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard 	0
's not too bad 	1
good human 	1
introspective portrait 	1
everything that was right about blade 	1
most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies 	1
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , 	1
profound ethical and philosophical questions 	1
just becomes sad 	0
well-mounted 	1
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 	1
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life . 	1
from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense 	0
lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow 	1
steven soderbergh 's earlier films 	1
so much to look 	1
violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart 	1
seeing things from new sides , 	1
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , 	0
dumb action movie 	0
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium . 	1
good noir 	1
plucking tension from quiet 	1
the most memorable moment 	1
that it stinks 	0
like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot 	0
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge 	1
is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love 	1
-- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- 	0
a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull 	0
this an eminently engrossing film 	1
live in denial about 	0
purely enjoyable 	1
pull a cohesive story out 	1
chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack . 	0
in a good way 	1
give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise 	0
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it . 	0
take the grandkids or the grandparents 	1
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 	0
sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure 	1
difficult 	0
is generally amusing from time to time 	1
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time 	1
leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing 	1
like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people 	0
would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered 	0
presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson 	0
murderous 	0
generates little narrative momentum , and 	0
a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas 	1
is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny . 	1
actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	0
between passion and pretence 	1
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer 	1
misfiring 	0
... might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ? 	0
zzzzzzzzz 	0
smart and 	1
the piece works 	1
to be interesting 	1
excellence 	1
a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	1
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale 	1
genuine 	1
have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor 	0
of smart jokes 	1
directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion . 	0
to be more complex than your average film 	1
the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks 	1
a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story 	0
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst . 	1
the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling . 	1
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . 	1
by laurice guillen 	1
tiny acts of kindness 	1
the movie has no idea of it is serious 	0
often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast 	1
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else . 	1
is truly funny 	1
silly overkill 	0
this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied 	1
an inept , tedious spoof 	0
it 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought . 	1
it 's just a kids ' flick 	0
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect . 	0
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but 	1
i killed my father 	0
... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation . 	0
... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack . 	1
is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess 	0
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic . 	0
cultivated 	1
delicate balance 	1
stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time 	0
incessant use 	0
the most original 	1
candid , archly funny and 	1
, while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing 	1
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this 	1
for a movie that tries to be smart 	0
maybe twice 	1
likely to induce sleep than fright 	0
social injustice 	0
any 	1
is as often imaginative 	1
flick cliches 	0
more revealing , more emotional and 	1
an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep 	1
the mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . ' 	0
of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity 	1
something hip 	1
phenomenal , 	1
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic . 	1
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and 	1
incredible imax sound system 	1
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing 	0
dim-witted 	0
you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz 	0
i 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't . 	0
acted by a british cast to rival gosford park 's . 	1
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction 	1
starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . 	0
would have a hard time sitting through this one 	0
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history 	1
to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering 	1
fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic 	1
the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown 's life . 	1
big letdown 	0
the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction 	0
special fishy community 	1
sour , bloody and mean 	0
's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . 	1
is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential 	0
soon-to-be-forgettable '' section 	0
what enlivens this film 	1
is , as comedy goes , 	1
is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds . 	0
is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes 	1
an erratic career 	0
wasted . 	0
most purely enjoyable and 	1
it 's a pale imitation . 	0
... one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' . 	1
fascinating look 	1
, this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 	1
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex 	0
on action 	1
dramatic and emotional pull 	1
should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title . 	0
helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games 	1
real characters and compelling plots 	1
truly funny 	1
a bilingual charmer , 	1
of the most exciting action films 	1
offers little insight 	0
as both shallow and dim-witted 	0
lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 	1
imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie 	0
dazzling 	1
a better film 	1
ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut 	1
he fails . 	0
sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser 	1
any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster 	0
the film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . 	0
fly with most intelligent viewers 	1
fly at such a furiously funny pace 	1
ai n't art , 	0
wit and compassion 	1
it 's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . 	0
completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque 	0
a cinematic car wreck , 	0
nothing but net 	1
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set . 	0
you second-guess your affection for the original 	0
was followed by the bad idea 	0
is a film living far too much in its own head . 	0
an unforced , rapid-fire delivery 	1
is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	1
a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' 	0
` amateur ' in almost every frame 	0
is filled with strange and wonderful creatures 	1
the film has a lot of charm . 	1
quirky iranian drama secret ballot 	1
punch and depth 	1
arrive early and stay late , 	1
so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 	0
that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 	1
of love and destiny 	1
is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel 	1
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , 	1
eminently engrossing film 	1
, i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) . 	0
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots . 	0
it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults 	1
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist . 	1
, crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs . 	0
its faults 	0
rollicking good time 	1
the most inventive 	1
a surprisingly sensitive script co-written 	1
it is n't scary . 	0
have a radar for juicy roles 	1
hated myself 	0
, low-budget constraints 	0
passion and energy 	1
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency 	1
is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution 	1
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic . 	0
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though 	1
disquieting 	0
a distinguished film legacy 	1
of being boring 	0
i usually dread encountering the most 	0
's the very definition of epic adventure . 	1
somber pacing and lack 	0
has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock 	1
to either effort in three hours of screen time 	0
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow 	0
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time 	1
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families 	0
heartache everyone 	0
a lovably old-school hollywood confection . 	1
compassionately 	1
companionship 	1
honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers 	1
have that kind of impact on me these days 	1
repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense 	0
's not enough substance 	0
holm does his sly , intricate magic 	1
remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . 	1
from the classics 	1
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal 	1
william james once called ` the gift of tears 	1
half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening 	0
a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity 	0
a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking 	1
glum 	0
almost mystical work 	1
comedy to start a reaction 	1
effective 	1
is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills 	0
rolling over 	0
the best star trek movie in a long time 	1
as single-minded as john carpenter 's original 	0
it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem 	0
extravagantly redeems it 	1
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 	0
original and highly cerebral examination 	1
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers . 	1
it had a sense of humor 	1
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , 	0
picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 	1
overwritten 	0
is a lumbering load of hokum but 	0
has actually bothered to construct a real story this time . 	1
a heady , biting , be-bop 	1
at this beautifully drawn movie 	1
is too crazy to be interesting 	0
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie . 	1
suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison 	0
and slack direction 	0
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and 	0
features 	1
aggrieved father cliché 	0
the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl 	1
full of masters of both 	1
tear your eyes away from the images 	1
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise . 	1
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and 	1
turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy 	1
she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair 	1
droning house music 	0
than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending 	0
at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- 	0
influential 	1
almost wildly alive 	1
psychopathic 	0
hollywood-action cliches 	0
balances real-time rhythms 	1
alive and admirable 	1
even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold . 	1
it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama 	0
's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 	0
a fascinating documentary 	1
it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art 	0
if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 	0
budding amours 	1
, sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium 	1
is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable 	0
overstays its natural running time 	0
happens that tells you there is no sense . 	0
ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter 	1
dudsville 	0
has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare 	1
in too many conflicts 	0
, the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 	1
willie would have loved it 	1
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables 	0
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- 	0
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it 	0
cable channel 	0
it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . 	1
remarkably original 	1
its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters 	0
gigantic proportions 	1
crummy 	0
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , 	1
stunning new young talent 	1
a friend 	1
its keenest pleasures 	1
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . 	1
to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists 	1
easily and , in the end , not well enough 	0
much colorful eye candy 	1
for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . 	1
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing . 	1
inventive , 	1
, revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling 	1
my least favorite emotions , 	0
washed out despite all of that 	0
, ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . 	1
eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , 	1
is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal . 	1
are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 	0
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness 	0
swirling 	1
make for one splendidly cast pair 	1
hollywood-predictable 	0
from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival 	1
here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music . 	1
aimless story 	0
vapid vehicle 	0
perfect starting point 	1
that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him 	1
bounces around with limp wrists 	0
drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- 	1
speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , 	0
what makes it worth watching is quaid 's performance . 	1
been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe 	0
some glimpses of nature and family warmth 	1
fabulous 	1
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best 	1
one-star 	0
in denial about 	0
thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic . 	0
as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats 	1
is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy 	0
have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not 	0
extraordinary dramatic experience . 	1
loosely connected characters 	0
farts , boobs , 	0
all-star reunions 	1
those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater 	1
it 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas . 	1
sometimes beautiful adaptation 	1
essentially ruined -- or , rather 	0
miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes 	0
headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender 	0
the film is not entirely successful 	0
the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity 	1
is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic 	0
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders 	0
paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel 	1
nearly impossible to care about 	0
saved this film 	1
handsomely produced 	1
pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling 	1
this every-joke-has - been-told-a 	0
will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals 	0
i imagined a movie ever could be 	1
static set ups , not much camera movement 	0
deceptively simple , 	1
of this slick and sprightly cgi feature 	1
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera . 	0
, it comes to life in the performances . 	1
nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful 	1
is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle . 	1
a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker 	1
to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism 	0
vital 	1
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air 	1
actress-producer and writer 	0
spectacularly ugly-looking broad 	0
which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues 	1
enjoying the big-screen experience 	1
a damn fine 	1
unwatchable 	0
of its spirit 	1
rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 	1
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and 	1
is basically just a curiosity 	0
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious 	1
make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment 	0
) becomes more specimen than character 	0
self-important summer fluff 	0
monotonous 	0
, it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 	0
transcend 	1
the insanity 	0
is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world 	1
a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle 	0
a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing 	0
game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters 	0
will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face 	1
professional film 	1
in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times 	1
is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through . 	0
a handful 	1
a chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department . 	1
's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present . 	0
baaaaaaaaad 	0
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance 	0
is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 	1
love the robust middle of this picture . 	1
funeral 	0
blatant derivativeness 	0
full of deep feeling 	1
holds the screen like a true star . 	1
thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began . 	1
worth a look as a curiosity 	1
than a mall movie designed to kill time 	0
is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday 	1
is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau 	0
grinning 	1
the most ordinary and obvious fashion 	0
with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline 	0
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller 	0
to sustain laughs 	1
drown yourself in a lake afterwards 	0
provocative and 	1
does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music 	1
makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens 	0
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year 	1
ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior 	0
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , 	0
'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . 	0
more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 	1
full of nuance and character dimension 	1
admire the film 's stately nature 	1
is atrocious 	0
do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role . 	1
best short 	1
let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out 	1
shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	1
placing their parents 	1
gives the story some soul 	1
novel 	1
the shameless self-caricature 	0
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible . 	1
in formal settings with motionless characters 	0
as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 	1
bogs down in insignificance 	0
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time 	0
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere . 	0
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action . 	1
hipness 	1
while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 	0
delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower 	1
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , 	0
... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . 	1
making me groggy 	0
filled with alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience . 	1
totally unexpected directions 	1
feces 	0
lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all . 	0
danis 	1
successful animated movies 	1
much of the writing is genuinely witty 	1
feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field 	1
very humble 	1
valiantly keep punching up the mix . 	1
its superstar 	1
no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all 	1
no conversion effort 	0
is recognizably plympton 	1
to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . 	1
makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty 	1
of quality 	1
is one big , dumb action movie 	0
the sequel 	1
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity . 	1
ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 	0
by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' 	0
, this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 	0
flatulence 	0
an intriguing look 	1
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit 	0
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces 	1
's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming . 	1
deserve better . 	0
a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation 	1
one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity 	1
worth telling 	1
naipaul , a juicy writer 	1
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor 	1
hard-hitting documentary . 	1
dumb and cheesy 	0
for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . 	1
daytime 	1
a welcome , if downbeat , missive 	1
, this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . 	1
weirdly beautiful 	1
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . 	1
, clarity and emotional 	1
`` crazy '' 	0
melodrama and tiresome love triangles 	0
fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy . 	1
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste . 	0
visceral and 	1
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment 	0
its cutesy reliance 	1
ill-considered , unholy hokum . 	0
daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope 	1
its lyrical variations on the game of love 	1
that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in 	0
endeavors 	1
gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements 	1
is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself 	1
is a new treasure of the hermitage . 	1
is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls . 	0
boisterous , heartfelt comedy . 	1
in this remarkable and memorable film 	1
proves tiresome , 	0
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games 	1
equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information . 	1
most brilliant 	1
been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker 	0
has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced 	0
christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot 	1
juiced 	1
more problematic aspects 	0
say it 's on par with the first one 	1
acceptable , 	1
remarkably alluring film 	1
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , 	1
an equally great robin williams performance 	1
and often-funny drama 	1
of deft and subtle poetry 	1
should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come 	1
poignant and 	1
ca n't compare friday after next to them 	1
that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 	1
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy . 	1
it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day 	1
meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot 	0
has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . 	0
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; 	1
add up to more than body count 	0
carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance . 	1
just ca n't take it any more 	0
the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 	1
can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion ' 	0
mindless 	0
self-destructiveness 	0
noteworthy characters 	1
to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking 	1
a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode 	1
absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man 	1
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but 	0
a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something 	1
that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot 	0
canny , meditative 	1
the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is . 	0
but first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort 	0
a movie that will make you laugh 	1
interesting characters 	1
as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . 	0
overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm . 	0
the movie 's captivating details 	1
once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy 	0
in conveying its social message 	1
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line 	0
, you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . 	1
you are wet in some places 	0
hell-jaunt 	0
allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- 	1
conceptually brilliant ... plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown . 	1
we believe in them 	1
remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities 	1
'' lacks in depth 	0
achieves its main strategic objective 	1
delicately performed 	1
plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 	0
racist 	0
want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters 	1
insanely funny 	1
has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy . 	1
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation 	1
the lines work 	1
nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself 	0
quite able 	1
's not only dull 	0
a crowd-pleaser 	1
nary a glimmer of self-knowledge 	0
-- even more damning -- 	0
far more stylish 	1
dedicated 	1
full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature . 	0
shines 	1
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ... 	1
that tries too hard to be emotional 	0
what a reckless squandering of four fine 	0
rollicking dark humor 	1
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , 	1
and neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are . 	0
the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay . 	0
truly wonderful tale 	1
some cute moments 	1
pack raw dough in my ears 	0
an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera 	1
heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 	0
it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . ' 	0
just goes on and on and on and on 	0
the playful paranoia of the film 's past 	1
shot two years ago 	0
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory . 	1
shines through every frame 	1
there 's much to recommend the film . 	1
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera 	1
in rhetoric and cliché 	0
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say . 	1
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . 	1
a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence 	1
there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout 	0
takes such a speedy swan dive 	1
you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs 	0
said the film was better than saving private ryan . 	1
most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 	1
perfectly describes pauline & paulette 	1
make the attraction a movie 	1
an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche 	0
there 's a lot of tooth in roger dodger . 	1
can report that it is instead a cheap cliché 	0
settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking 	1
tootsie 	1
absorbing characters 	1
putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film 	0
change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 	0
ends up falling short as a whole 	0
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions . 	0
would have a good time here . 	1
doze off for a few minutes or 	0
to life in the performances 	1
unlikable characters 	0
is often preachy and poorly acted 	0
red dragon '' is entertaining . 	1
a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer 	0
terrific performance 	1
shows excess in business and pleasure 	1
that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking 	1
this summer that do not involve a dentist drill 	0
is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . 	0
tank 	0
the movie knew what to do with him 	1
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works 	1
like nothing we westerners have seen before 	1
( ramsay ) visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor . 	1
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 	1
a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import 	1
romantic , riveting and handsomely 	1
sensual delights and simmering violence 	1
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but 	0
we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes . 	0
charm and charisma 	1
see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade 	1
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany . 	0
a film with a great premise but only a great premise . 	1
like ` 	1
check your brain 	0
tells this very compelling tale 	1
guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling 	1
is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem 	1
justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess 	1
this elegant entertainment 	1
a visual style unique and inherent 	1
by acute writing and a host of splendid performances 	1
too long and unfocused 	0
boasts enough funny 	1
is needed to live a rich and full life . 	1
, outrageous , ingenious 	1
third time 's the charm 	1
refusal 	0
visually flashy 	1
proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo 	1
will enjoy seeing how both evolve 	1
listen to extremist name-calling , 	0
of the lovable-loser protagonist 	1
his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass 	1
real raw emotion 	1
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and 	0
the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature . 	1
's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . 	1
as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star 	1
self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and 	0
a ragbag of cliches 	0
need of some trims and 	0
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . 	1
best 	1
big shear 	1
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring . 	0
the gifted pearce on hand 	1
grotesque and 	0
this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale 	1
of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness 	0
is not only a love song to the movies 	1
its dying 	0
affected child acting 	1
this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected . 	1
broomfield dresses it up 	1
poorly-constructed 	0
moving tragedy 	1
only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor 	1
has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 	1
if considerably less ambitious , 	0
gave people seizures 	0
ring hollow 	0
made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not 	0
crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) 	0
is just lazy 	0
it 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 	0
ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving 	1
that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation 	1
're desperate for the evening to end 	0
struggle tragically 	0
makes the same mistake as the music industry 	0
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy 	0
pooper-scoopers 	0
introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	0
of male-ridden angst 	0
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam 	0
earlier copycat under siege 	0
( and probably should have 	0
's needed so badly but what is virtually absent 	0
ferrara 's best film in years . 	1
proficiency 	1
an autopsy , the movie 	0
deserve but rarely receive it 	0
the good , 	1
, the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 	0
, the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy . 	0
90 punitive minutes 	0
that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 	0
, you might want to check it out 	1
it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 	0
very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both . 	1
like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . 	1
little cleavage 	0
a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action 	1
relentlessly globalizing 	0
comes through all too painfully in the execution 	0
is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 	1
committed to growth in his ninth decade 	1
... somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks . 	1
of film entertainment 	1
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , 	1
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful . 	1
its rapid-fire delivery 	1
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , 	1
a source of high hilarity 	1
there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane . 	1
depressingly thin and 	0
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' 	0
little visible talent 	0
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet 	1
include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) 	1
better effects , 	1
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and 	1
that movie was pretty bad 	0
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst 	1
vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing 	0
a stand up and cheer flick 	1
slightest difficulty 	0
twists to make the formula feel fresh . 	1
good-hearted ensemble comedy 	1
has little to do with the story , 	0
truly revelatory about his psyche 	1
of the plot ` surprises ' 	1
as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone 	1
done , so primitive in technique 	0
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension 	0
does n't put you off 	1
between two gifted performers 	1
sumptuous work 	1
becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead 	0
the world they love and make 	1
starts off witty and sophisticated and 	1
ludicrous and contrived 	0
all-star salute 	1
proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . 	1
're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	0
every family 	1
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely 	1
visionary 	1
seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk 	0
dwindles 	0
on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed 	1
strong cast and surehanded direction 	1
draws its considerable power from simplicity 	1
quietly inspirational 	1
the auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights 	1
ruined 	0
of pointless mayhem 	0
no-surprise 	0
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition . 	0
most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment 	1
be a bit disjointed 	0
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight 	1
terminally brain dead production . 	0
although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . 	0
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat 's fat girl , rain is the far superior film . 	1
fascinating case study 	1
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 	1
an iconoclastic artist 	1
sensitivity and skill 	1
make the stones weep -- as shameful 	1
polished , well-structured film . 	1
nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness 	0
crisp psychological drama 	1
have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 	0
it familiar and insufficiently cathartic 	0
it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 	1
flopped 	0
vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition 	1
a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , 	1
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases . 	1
it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . 	1
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy 	1
little style 	0
a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter 	1
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record . 	1
that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees 	1
powerful and deeply moving example 	1
the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 	0
a tired , unnecessary retread 	0
where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone 	0
quiet , decisive moments 	1
not a strike 	1
's informative and breathtakingly spectacular 	1
-- and gross 	0
in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 	0
and whirling fight sequences 	1
the heart soar 	1
because the film deliberately lacks irony 	0
as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day 	1
has never 	0
an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity 	1
the edge of their seats 	1
, charming 	1
's a talking head documentary , but a great one . 	1
an interesting psychological game 	1
's both charming and well acted 	1
arrogant richard pryor wannabe 	0
an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears 	1
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum . 	0
treasure . 	1
terrifying angst 	0
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes 	0
in the right direction 	1
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and 	1
the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy 	1
big time stinker 	0
murky 	0
as an intense political and psychological thriller 	1
those who like quirky , slightly strange french films 	1
none of the plot ` surprises ' 	0
number 1 	1
some first-rate performances 	1
to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 	1
most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes 	0
is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does . 	1
's ` 	1
of french cinema at its best 	1
, a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement . 	0
watch the film 	1
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and 	1
deadeningly 	0
its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives 	1
the man and 	1
bold presentation 	1
big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . ' 	0
a throwback war movie 	1
lost 	0
its unhurried narrative 	1
it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net 	1
finds its humor in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him 	0
downright silly 	0
unrelentingly exploitative 	0
who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate 	0
if you 're looking for a story , do n't bother . 	0
approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all 	0
a captivating coming-of-age story 	1
pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities 	0
mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick . 	1
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale 	1
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity . 	1
sloppily 	0
gawky 	0
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but 	0
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn . 	0
you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus 	1
comically 	1
enjoyed it just as much 	1
many such biographical melodramas 	0
victorious 	1
the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change 	1
it 's not an easy one to review . 	0
effectively chilling 	1
less capable 	0
is why film criticism can be considered work . 	0
a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky 	0
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream . 	0
an enjoyable big movie 	1
there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is 	1
definitive , if disingenuous , feature 	0
in his u.s. debut , mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . 	1
raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit 	1
this aging series 	0
's made at least one damn fine horror movie 	1
see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue 	1
morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick . 	0
hilarity . 	1
overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution . 	1
are in tatters 	0
why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out 	0
ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 	0
the unacceptable , the unmentionable 	0
good actors , good poetry and 	1
this waste 	0
a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages 	1
no bearing on the story 	0
in as flat 	0
at lengthy dialogue scenes 	0
the somber pacing and lack 	0
very good ( but not great ) 	1
it made me feel unclean , 	0
it 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense . 	1
've seen it all before 	0
the way 	1
it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind 	0
morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about . 	0
a remarkable film 	1
a wonderfully warm human drama 	1
, with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers . 	1
a work of outstanding originality 	1
an unfortunate title 	0
fanciful thinkers 	1
i 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back 	0
consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay 	0
his most critically insightful 	1
is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens 	0
the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances 	0
can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas 	0
new best friend '' 	1
a greater attention 	1
it a failure as straight drama 	0
an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight 	0
plain bad . 	0
staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 	0
like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas . 	0
to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes 	0
of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen 	1
in the form of dazzling pop entertainment 	1
the densest distillation of roberts ' movies 	0
heart and humor 	1
funny and touching . 	1
hazy high 	1
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation 	0
the overall fabric is hypnotic 	1
toothless 	0
's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . 	0
notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 	0
an ordeal 	0
, it 's not half-bad . 	1
an energy to y tu mamá también 	1
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them . 	0
, incoherence and sub-sophomoric 	1
has the disadvantage of also looking cheap . 	0
between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows 	0
tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her 	1
is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 	1
delusions 	0
cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts 	0
so hideously and clumsily 	0
solid execution 	1
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way 	1
a wildly entertaining 	1
it has some problems 	0
frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution 	1
shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable 	0
to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before 	0
of the unsalvageability 	0
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , 	0
matthew lillard is born to play shaggy ! 	1
with an amateurish screenplay 	0
the best ` old neighborhood ' project 	1
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and 	0
it would be better to wait for the video . 	0
manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents 	0
hit you from the first scene 	1
's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise 	0
while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up 	0
is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses 	0
miserably 	0
amusing us 	1
in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 	0
will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again 	0
creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances 	1
natural , even-flowing tone 	1
'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche 	0
take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 	1
assured , vital and well wrought 	1
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . '' 	1
damning and damned compelling 	1
not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 	1
boring , pretentious muddle 	0
as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 	0
irrelevant 	0
get top billing 	1
blind to the silliness 	0
home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . 	1
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , 	1
of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt 	1
the positive change 	1
is one word that best describes this film : honest . 	1
you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . 	0
ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another 	0
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley 	1
manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum 	1
desultory 	0
if this is cinema 	0
should be tried as a war criminal 	0
directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann 	1
other than the very sluggish pace ) 	0
, natural acting 	1
content 	1
as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . 	1
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut 	1
what may be the performances of their careers 	1
rare insight 	1
i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . 	0
mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way . 	1
blessed 	1
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic . 	0
you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth . 	1
the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 	1
caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose . 	1
of great monster/science fiction flicks 	1
for a great film noir 	1
's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 	1
on the monster 's path of destruction 	0
is to substitute plot for personality . 	0
an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . 	0
, it does n't disappoint . 	1
its courageousness , and 	1
incapable of being boring 	1
this sad , compulsive life 	0
i saw this one 	1
director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers 	1
paints an absurdly simplistic picture 	0
treasure and 	1
was particularly funny 	1
is in need of a scented bath 	0
the park 	1
like running out screaming 	0
through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 	0
if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about . 	0
a must-see 	1
be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic 	1
burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , 	1
directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured . 	0
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen 	1
' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . 	1
a travesty 	0
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . 	0
america , history 	1
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite 	1
charming , thought-provoking new york fest 	1
corrupt and hedonistic weasels 	0
superfluous sequel 	0
has a new career ahead of him 	1
wore 	1
'' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . 	1
are they like humans , only hairier 	0
while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible . 	1
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way 	0
report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks 	1
returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension . 	1
lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing 	0
like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . 	1
of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light 	1
hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before 	0
not too filling 	0
worst movies 	0
on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	0
some visual virtues 	1
more coming-of-age stories 	1
a marginal thumbs 	1
an unbelievably stupid film 	0
skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 	1
alienate 	0
to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch 	1
dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors 	1
offers a ray of hope 	1
a generic bloodbath that often becomes 	0
the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale 	0
reasonably good time 	1
and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor . 	1
a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency 	1
a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure 	1
committed dumbness 	0
the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 	1
inside an enigma 	1
, villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . 	1
it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here . 	0
creepy , intermittently powerful study 	1
funny or 	1
on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt 	0
tits 	1
may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . 	1
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' 	1
the worst kind of hubristic folly 	0
giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective 	1
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and 	1
the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 	0
unmentionable 	0
ethnic 	1
the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring 	0
extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking 	1
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ... 	0
has already reached its expiration date 	0
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting 	1
fantasy and adventure 	1
if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is 	1
that rare family movie 	1
a fascinating character 	1
been better than the fiction 	1
simple and precise 	1
grow boring 	0
taken as a whole , the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot . 	0
is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 	1
just about the surest bet 	1
plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up . 	0
great american comedy 	1
middle-of-the-road blandness 	0
seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary 	0
that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 	0
freeman and judd make it work 	1
just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . 	0
its sparkling beauty 	1
read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love . 	1
hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light 	1
's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery 	0
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; 	0
clichéd and 	0
at once both refreshingly different 	1
is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	0
trivializing it 	0
that both thrills the eye and 	1
the bad sound , 	0
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot . 	1
enjoy 	1
a spark of new inspiration in it 	1
powerful 	1
know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama 	0
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film . 	0
all the halfhearted zeal 	0
contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls 	0
have reinvigorated the romance genre 	1
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously . 	0
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of . 	1
a freshness and modesty 	1
create 	1
banal bore 	0
manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability 	1
uniformly superb 	1
squandering 	0
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion . 	1
comically dismal social realism 	0
never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy 	1
things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films 	1
this girl deserves a sequel 	1
treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina 	0
's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight 	0
and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 	1
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - 	0
is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn 	1
is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love . 	1
desperately needed 	0
, he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable 	0
unexplainable 	0
one of the year 's best films 	1
disquieting triumph 	1
elegantly 	1
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident . 	0
the problem with wendigo , 	0
interesting topic 	1
has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear 	1
the power 	1
have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role 	0
passe ' 	0
when one has nothing else to watch 	0
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out . 	1
achingly sad 	0
medium-grade network sitcom 	0
characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity 	1
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking 	1
thought-provoking film 	1
where nothing really happens . 	0
with material this rich it does n't need it 	1
beautifully detailed performances 	1
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists 	1
charged music to the ears of cho 's fans 	1
crisp , unaffected style 	1
brims with passion : 	1
a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain 	1
manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state . 	1
could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy . 	0
enough interest 	1
behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco 	1
lower-wit 	0
in the best possible senses of both those words 	1
find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating 	1
a sudden turn and devolves 	0
a little more intensity 	0
anticipated 	1
without cheesy fun factor 	0
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity 	1
it look as though they are having so much fun 	1
is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot 	0
more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms 	0
detract from the athleticism 	0
no amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it . 	0
's brilliant ` 	1
of hollywood heart-string plucking 	0
most offensive 	0
overwrought and crudely literal 	0
the lousy tarantino imitations 	0
there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue 	0
's nothing very attractive about this movie 	0
scarcely worth a mention 	0
like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas 	0
its considerable power 	1
scary , action-packed chiller 	1
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism . 	1
dramatic urgency 	1
extended , open-ended poem 	1
for humor and bite 	1
brings us another masterpiece 	1
bad trip 	0
many bona fide groaners among too few laughs 	0
than to rush to the theater for this one 	0
indecent 	0
a less-than-thrilling thriller . 	0
lavish period scenery 	1
luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing 	0
is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves 	1
what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 	1
depth or complexity 	0
purposefully reductive movie 	1
last year 's lame musketeer 	0
deeply pessimistic 	0
that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something 	1
storytelling 	1
of riveting power and sadness 	1
uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds 	1
... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 	0
also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them . 	1
, they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . 	1
reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap 	0
miracle 	1
the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) 	1
she is a lioness 	1
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , 	0
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before . 	1
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea . 	0
becoming irritating 	0
delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory 	1
the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining 	1
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling 	1
's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points 	0
of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants 	1
deceit 	0
young man 's 	1
is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness 	0
guilt-free 	1
smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks . 	1
farts , urine , feces 	0
the martial arts master to top form 	1
bargain-basement european pickup 	0
successful adaptation 	1
nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride 	1
its metaphors 	1
wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some 	1
borderline insulting 	0
disingenuous , 	0
does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but 	0
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness . 	1
cheap , graceless , hackneyed 	0
we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity 	0
to be fully forgotten 	0
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws . 	0
watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 	0
're desperate for the evening to end . 	0
surprisingly short of both adventure and song 	0
for all the wit and hoopla 	1
excellent use 	1
absorbing look 	1
searing lead performance 	1
aging series 	0
i ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . 	0
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . 	1
good than great 	1
combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture 	0
has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side 	1
thinks-it-is joke 	0
this dog of a movie 	0
seem like the proper cup of tea 	1
falters 	0
are far more alienating than involving . 	0
a true study , a film with a questioning heart 	1
lots of effort and intelligence are on display 	1
has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline 	0
`` horrible '' and `` terrible 	0
if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication 	0
the shining , the thing , 	1
it 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo . 	0
rent the disney version 	0
have been the ultimate imax trip 	1
, wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title . 	1
ability to think 	1
is one summer film that satisfies 	1
a lot to recommend read my lips 	1
beauty and 	1
dupe the viewer 	0
valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in 	1
ultimately life-affirming 	1
turd 	0
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath 's version of ` nicholas nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . 	1
committed 	1
two fine actors , 	1
love it , too . 	1
there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings . 	1
ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 	0
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really 	1
expertly plucking tension from quiet 	1
america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony 	0
within a wallflower 	1
superb performers 	1
little-known perspective 	0
is stiff or just plain bad . 	0
be something to behold 	1
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond . 	1
doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body 	0
drags it back 	0
'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds 	1
mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant 	0
jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style 	1
fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty 	1
a minimalist beauty and the beast 	0
is n't quite out of ripe 	0
toilet humor , ethnic slurs 	0
any less entertaining 	1
overflowing septic tank 	0
objective documentary 	1
then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees . 	0
, savvy , compelling 	1
sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are 	0
is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 	0
put you off 	0
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message 	0
the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with 	1
it 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can . 	1
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find 	0
solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy 	1
carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect 	1
some unpaid intern 	0
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	0
a moving and weighty depiction of one family 	1
at ease sharing the same scene 	1
where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor 	1
adams just copies from various sources 	0
an interesting slice of history . 	1
add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments 	1
is too much of a plunge 	0
of our making 	1
excels 	1
makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	0
fast-paced and wonderfully edited 	1
the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john 	0
the most compelling performance of the year 	1
the best actors there is 	1
twice as bestial but half as funny 	0
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . 	0
a phlegmatic bore , 	0
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul 	0
's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images 	1
self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 	1
will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists . 	0
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible 	1
not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing 	1
intimate and panoramic 	1
of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor 	0
in unexpected ways , touching 	1
first-rate performances 	1
cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and 	1
anguished 	0
make for a bad film 	0
to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories 	1
is truth 	1
shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable 	1
in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage 	0
unfocused and tediously exasperating 	0
genuine excitement 	1
on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture . 	0
will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche 	0
they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor . 	1
a total washout 	0
summer fluff 	0
unmistakable , easy 	1
a clear-eyed 	1
the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters 	0
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable . 	1
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous 	1
entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's 	1
manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks . 	1
attributable to a movie like this 	1
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect 	0
craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . 	1
presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale 	1
hard-driving narcissism is a given 	0
being surprisingly dull 	0
in a fat man 's navel 	0
rejected must have been astronomically bad 	0
a simple `` goddammit 	0
thornier 	0
while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world . 	1
film buffs will eat up like so much gelati 	1
claustrophobic 	0
with tremendous skill 	1
blazingly alive and admirable on many levels 	1
of cinema 's directorial giants 	1
drags during its 112-minute length 	0
enthralling aesthetic experience 	1
gets the tone just right 	1
turns out to be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness 	1
fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless 	0
paper-thin and 	0
can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good 	1
no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same 	1
the next a turgid drama 	0
is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 	1
proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be . 	1
negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship 	0
this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . 	1
's hardly a necessary enterprise . 	0
malcolm mcdowell is cool . 	1
ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin 	0
suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 	1
in all the best possible ways 	1
, i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals . 	0
smart , romantic drama 	1
, you 're on the edge of your seat 	1
um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ? 	0
to the illogic of its characters 	0
a low-budget series 	0
's not trying to laugh at how bad 	0
has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama 	1
has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense 	1
long and relentlessly saccharine 	0
references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 	1
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast 	1
lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this 	0
sensual and funny 	1
written , flatly 	0
she 's not funny 	0
terrific special effects 	1
is one of the year 's best . 	1
if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera . 	1
made , on all levels , 	1
as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops 	0
enthusiastic charm 	1
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense . 	1
glancing vividly back 	1
that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 	1
've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness 	0
remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt 	0
is a horrible movie 	0
clever and suspenseful 	1
a three-hour cinema master class . 	1
the film 's desire to be liked sometimes 	0
a smartly written motion picture 	1
their outrageousness 	1
is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half 	1
relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script 	1
a creepy and dead-on performance 	1
unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 	0
you missed the point 	0
has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier . 	1
give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 	1
has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness 	0
deceptions 	0
proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny 	0
but a little too smugly 	0
most flamboyant female comics 	1
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and 	1
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry 	1
a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists 	1
believe that resident evil is not it 	0
well-crafted family film 	1
thrill 	1
awesome 	1
piercing domestic drama 	1
go back and choose to skip it 	0
run-of-the-mill profanity 	0
bittersweet 	1
mediocre movie 	0
all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own 	0
the movie is about as deep as that sentiment . 	0
solid and refined piece 	1
it 's not too fast and not too slow . 	1
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill . 	1
93 minutes of unrecoverable life 	0
's self-defeatingly decorous 	0
but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass . 	0
a sour taste in one 's mouth , 	0
high-profile name 	1
of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 	0
the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem 	1
this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts 	1
it is also beautifully acted . 	1
sprightly spin 	1
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul 	1
college 	1
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . 	0
of the most genuinely sweet films 	1
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... ( it ) comes off like a hallmark commercial 	0
obnoxious 88-minute 	0
is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film 	1
the fat 	1
is disappointing 	0
footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire 	0
plainly dull and visually ugly 	0
another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults 	0
, this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . 	1
the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music . 	0
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem 	1
presents a frightening and compelling ` what if 	1
even predictable remake 	0
puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula 	1
we value in our daily lives 	1
as an actor 's showcase , hart 's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . 	1
is distressingly rote 	0
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics 	1
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but 	0
all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain 	1
with humor 	1
a sobering and powerful documentary 	1
casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , 	1
, amusing study 	1
technical triumph 	1
gluing you to the edge of your seat 	1
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers 	0
you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 	0
who deserve but rarely receive it 	1
most aggressive and most sincere 	1
be used to burn every print of the film 	0
takes too long to shake 	0
like a prison stretch 	0
it 's self-defeatingly decorous 	0
a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility 	1
its own direction 	1
exciting documentary 	1
their own cleverness 	1
if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license 	0
is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice 	1
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing ! 	1
neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief 	1
for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet . 	1
it 's not really funny 	0
savagely 	0
that storytelling has value can not be denied . 	1
is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad . 	1
indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest 	0
concentration 	1
tendency to slip into hokum 	0
is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 	1
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and 	1
funny , and even touching 	1
to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum 	0
find an escape clause 	0
spout hilarious dialogue 	1
disturbing disregard 	0
in the arguments of competing lawyers 	1
of that moral favorite 	1
by folks worthy of scorn 	0
achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence 	0
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture . 	1
a failure of storytelling 	0
jackass is a vulgar and 	0
drama that takes itself all too seriously 	0
is extraordinary 	1
, but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 	0
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . 	0
dislikable 	0
voyeuristic spectacle 	1
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , 	0
updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place 	0
on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	1
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - 	0
pretty funny 	1
striking style 	1
contains no wit , only labored gags . 	0
bogged down over 140 minutes 	0
fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency 	1
gently funny , sweetly adventurous 	1
a majestic achievement , 	1
star-studded 	1
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama 	0
to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors 	1
... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet . 	1
a cut above the rest 	1
that interweaves individual stories 	1
sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it 	0
old porridge 	0
as an eloquent memorial 	1
familiar and predictable , 	0
iconic hero 	1
a big splash 	1
a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made 	0
a joy 	1
articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy . 	1
understands characters must come first 	1
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . 	0
is its reliance on formula 	0
it feels much longer 	0
marvelous documentary touches 	1
, sweaty-palmed fun 	1
freddy gets molested by a dog 	0
sadly , ` garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . ' 	0
what kind of sewage 	0
can see coming a mile away 	0
the script by vincent r. nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot . 	0
lots of hollywood fluff 	0
awful snooze . 	0
sentimentalized 	0
an astonishing voice cast 	1
popular gulzar and jagjit singh 	1
a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie 	1
an ambitious movie 	1
witty 	1
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy 	0
prozac nation 	0
dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 	1
, ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative . 	1
a fine effort 	1
the triumph of his band 	1
mediocre end 	0
is amateurish 	0
the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting . 	1
're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic 	0
's too close to real life to make sense 	0
feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . 	1
illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 	0
at heart is a sweet little girl 	1
tainted 	0
tired stereotypes 	0
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof . 	0
tragic waste 	0
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be . 	0
a deft pace master and stylist 	1
godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks . 	0
they do n't fit well together 	0
does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen 	0
moulin rouge 	1
colorful , dramatized pbs program 	1
're far better served by the source material 	0
of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome 	0
authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment . 	0
the intended , er , spirit 	0
as well-conceived as either of those films 	1
a sharp script and 	1
have a fun , no-frills ride 	1
deep-seated , emotional need 	1
personified in the film 's simple title 	0
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses 	1
good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it 	1
condescending stereotypes 	0
is amazing , yes 	1
it has a genuine dramatic impact 	1
`` sorority boys '' was funnier , 	0
its sweet time 	1
thoughtfulness 	1
watch people 	1
as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah 	0
visual clarity and deeply 	1
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film 	0
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all 	0
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . 	0
honest , sensitive story 	1
( t ) he ideas of revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution 	0
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does . 	0
a halfway intriguing plot 	1
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed . 	0
2002 's first great film 	1
its paint fights , motorized scooter chases 	0
do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going . 	1
little action , almost 	0
it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie 	0
to believe in it the most 	1
the full monty , but a really strong second effort 	1
has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star . 	0
clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes 	0
too stagey 	0
requiring a great deal of thought 	1
enduring strengths 	1
offers a desperately ingratiating performance 	0
tired , unimaginative and derivative 	0
is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen . 	1
stale 	0
an undeniably moving film to experience , and 	1
its whimsical humor 	1
its good qualities 	1
one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms 	0
jaw-droppingly beautiful work 	1
there are laughs aplenty , 	1
funny and well-contructed black comedy 	1
grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made 	1
will be well worth your time 	1
seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times . 	0
same old story 	0
is solid , satisfying fare for adults 	1
shallow styles 	0
efficiency and 	1
set up 	1
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer . 	1
ends up sounding like satire 	0
, the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 	1
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and 	0
seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense 	1
begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject 	0
are great rewards here 	1
terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating 	0
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible 	1
slapstick sequences 	1
suitably elegant 	1
the most moronic screenplays 	0
i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me 	1
a splash 	1
is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes 	1
comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness . 	1
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo . 	0
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , 	0
, at times sublime , visuals 	1
a.c. will help this movie one bit 	1
be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker 	0
disquietingly 	0
abstract approach 	1
a sleek advert 	1
variable 	1
has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper 	1
muddy psychological 	0
a film that comes along every day . 	0
this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 	1
's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 	1
thoughtlessly assembled 	0
edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde 	1
though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab 	0
( carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated 	0
it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something 	1
cheap cliché 	0
slopped ` 	0
faint of heart or conservative of spirit 	0
the upbeat ending 	1
makes each crumb of emotional comfort 	1
a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent 	1
of the lightweight female empowerment 	0
that 's as crisp and to the point 	1
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this . 	0
writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results . 	1
can take the grandkids or the grandparents and 	1
addition to being very funny 	1
a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism 	0
to hit all of its marks 	1
one of the year 's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore . 	1
of purpose or even a plot 	0
olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama 	1
do all three quite well 	1
seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 	0
to suffer ' 	0
made tucker a star 	1
's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess 	0
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say 	0
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and 	1
is workmanlike in the extreme 	0
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship 	1
of his sweetness and vulnerability 	1
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest 	0
humanly possible 	1
is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain . 	1
the off-center humor 	1
overtly silly dialogue 	0
the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy 	1
happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares 	0
amiable but 	1
terribly funny 	1
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy 	0
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence 	0
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters 	1
bad writing , 	0
maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in 	1
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent 	1
with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life 	1
to make their way through this tragedy 	0
directs , ideally 	1
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work . 	0
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 	1
leave them singing long after the credits roll 	1
have decades of life as a classic movie franchise 	1
the journey does n't really go anywhere . 	0
'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper . 	0
of ridiculousness 	0
a milquetoast movie 	0
, it 's a work of enthralling drama 	1
is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly . 	0
so believable that you feel what they feel 	1
is difficult to fathom . 	0
a road-trip drama 	0
best date movie 	1
flat and 	0
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment 	1
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing . 	1
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness 	0
into an intense and engrossing head-trip 	1
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but 	0
camaraderie 	1
by the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 	0
film that loses sight of its own story 	0
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . 	1
moore wonderfully 	1
crafty , energetic and smart 	1
run for your lives 	0
truly terrible . 	0
sweetness , clarity and emotional 	1
severe flaws 	0
get on television 	1
adorably ditsy but 	1
sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 	0
seriously dumb 	0
ear-pleasing songs 	1
old garbage 	0
, bad , bad movie 	0
love liza 's 	1
, can prevent its tragic waste of life 	0
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and 	0
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful 	0
's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland . 	0
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here 	1
suffers from all the excesses of the genre . 	0
uniformly good 	1
solidly entertaining and moving 	1
have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . 	0
a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project ! 	0
takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative 	1
green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . 	1
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later . 	1
the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion 	1
visual poetry 	1
still seems timely and important . 	1
there 's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x. 	1
is impressively true for being so hot-blooded 	1
while not for every taste 	0
eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions 	1
weepy melodrama 	0
flimsy flicks 	0
's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 	0
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him 	1
special walk 	1
that shows the promise of digital filmmaking 	1
suited 	1
fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context 	0
in auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 	1
, tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage 	1
kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare . 	0
consistently intelligent 	1
classy 	1
did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy 	0
evocative imagery 	1
would be a total washout . 	0
shakes you vigorously for its duration 	1
's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit . 	0
` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science 	0
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor . 	0
beg the question ` why 	0
brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) 	1
twisted shapes history 	0
this refreshing visit 	1
lurid and less than lucid work . 	0
the movie looks genuinely pretty . 	1
fine music never heard 	0
denzel 	1
visually compelling one 	1
relentlessly downbeat 	0
a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects 	1
director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times . 	0
bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary 	1
attraction 	1
, eloquent film 	1
, his little changes ring hollow 	0
a special kind of movie 	1
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it 	1
terrific look 	1
to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen 	0
the retro gang melodrama 	0
sentimentalizing it 	1
overcooked soufflé 	0
not-so-funny 	0
still shines in her quiet blue eyes 	1
what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 	1
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue 	1
'' overcome its weaknesses 	1
each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture 	1
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious . 	0
fit well together 	1
a tidal wave of plot 	1
that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful 	0
to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky 	0
it made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire . 	0
would have made vittorio de sica proud 	1
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise . 	1
dumb story 	0
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and 	1
that would have made vittorio de sica proud 	1
me without you has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . 	1
that actually manages to bring something new into the mix 	1
provocative central wedding sequence 	1
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony 	0
a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke 	0
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . 	1
the earnest emotional core 	1
amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise 	0
retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash 	0
have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors 	0
plastered with one hollywood cliche 	0
-- and far less crass 	1
for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie . 	1
, the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 	1
weird little movie 	0
poo-poo jokes 	0
america 's thirst 	1
emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 	1
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) genre a bad name . 	0
a thinking man 's 	1
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery . 	0
breathtakingly assured and stylish 	1
is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack 	1
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong . 	1
i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious 	0
of ( witherspoon 's ) better films 	1
revelatory 	1
an average b-movie 	0
confined 	0
sinks further and further 	0
poetic , heartbreaking 	1
is funny , insightfully human 	1
a playful respite 	1
us to forget most of the film 's problems 	0
bad company . 	0
layered , well-developed characters and some surprises 	1
pointed personalities , courage , tragedy 	1
any less psycho 	0
runs on the pure adrenalin 	1
, peculiar and always entertaining costume drama 	1
, you 're a jet all the way 	1
worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production 	0
is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) 	1
film that will enthrall the whole family 	1
too stagy 	0
we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold . 	0
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root 	1
the film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots 	1
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film 	0
could n't really figure out how to flesh either out 	0
fairly predictable psychological thriller 	0
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic . 	0
especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english 	1
teeth-gnashing actorliness 	0
an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow 	1
high art 	1
one of them 	0
telling a fascinating character 's story 	1
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket 	1
too heavy for the plot 	0
for reverence and a little wit 	1
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . 	0
fun , 	1
an uneasy mix 	0
if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 	0
drawn engaging characters 	1
most good-hearted yet sensual 	1
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies . 	0
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner . 	0
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , 	1
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting . 	1
the film is not only a love song to the movies 	1
just a string of stale gags 	0
this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost . 	1
is little else 	0
because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple 	1
lacks the utter authority of a genre gem 	0
, this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . 	0
, it already has one strike against it . 	0
where a masterpiece should be 	1
'll like it 	1
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke 	0
liked by the people who can still give him work 	1
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza 	1
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but 	1
jet 	1
with its own cuteness 	1
chasing who 	1
engaging mix 	1
take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 	0
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast 	0
but because of the startling intimacy 	1
are acting horribly 	0
the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 	1
mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . 	0
at 2002 's sundance festival 	1
a way that verges on the amateurish 	0
strikes a potent chemistry 	1
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment . 	1
buy is an accomplished actress , 	1
hugely entertaining and uplifting 	1
certainly the performances are worthwhile . 	1
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient . 	0
intensely lived 	1
is bad 	0
about this love story 	1
me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 	0
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography 	1
exuberant 	1
may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not 	0
impostor is a step down for director gary fleder . 	0
is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction . 	0
heated sexuality 	1
reinvigorated 	1
... watching it was painful . 	0
evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn . 	1
` unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . 	0
world trade center tragedy 	0
refreshingly smart and newfangled variation 	1
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . 	1
plod 	0
a riveting documentary . 	1
, featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 	0
personal velocity 	1
went 8 movies ago 	0
are an immensely appealing couple 	1
discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus 	1
it promised it would be 	1
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny 	1
is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless 	0
too mushy 	0
dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater 	1
's just rather leaden and dull . 	0
all as very important 	1
the only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . 	0
of what it actually means to face your fears 	1
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and 	1
is vivacious 	1
von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke 	1
lumbering , wheezy 	0
you feel like a sucker 	0
is n't one true ` chan moment ' 	0
delivers without sham the raw-nerved story . 	1
routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny 	0
florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama 	0
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life . 	0
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling 	0
charismatic 	1
clumsiness 	0
an amazing breakthrough 	1
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . 	0
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , 	1
it actually improves upon the original hit movie 	1
smart , provocative drama 	1
, common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha . 	0
tremendous 	1
parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they 	1
could restage the whole thing in your bathtub 	0
a low-budget affair , tadpole 	0
do anything 	0
make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime 	1
funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy 	1
bias 	0
is hartley 's least accessible screed 	0
conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year 	1
's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary 	0
slightly less successful than the first 	0
moving performance 	1
a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige 	0
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , 	0
it 's a work of enthralling drama 	1
meets his future wife 	1
, we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing . 	1
instantly forgettable 	0
unsatisfying 	0
a glorified episode 	0
's a lousy one at that . 	0
unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile . 	1
wars 	0
honestly nice little film 	1
the humor and humanity 	1
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness 	1
because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 	1
are neither original 	0
unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema . 	1
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con . 	1
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad 	1
his intellectual rigor 	1
honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film 	1
dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue 	0
a disney pic 	1
, crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 	1
undeniably moving 	1
into a lyrical and celebratory vision 	1
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost . 	0
does n't live up to material 	0
is rather choppy 	0
of the movie 's success 	1
the astonishingly pivotal role 	1
that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people 	0
the average white band 's `` pick up the pieces 	0
grow boring ... 	0
invites unflattering comparisons 	0
the right conditions 	1
brisk , reverent , and subtly different 	1
shakes you vigorously 	1
proves it 's never too late to learn 	1
why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me . 	0
oddly moving 	1
a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 	1
that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people 	1
mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either . 	0
, imagination and insight 	1
the edge of your seat 	1
it 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell . 	1
jack o ' 	1
naturalistic acting 	1
's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours . 	1
by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war 	1
sex with strangers is a success . 	1
, director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers 	1
compassion , sacrifice , and christian love 	1
they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting . 	1
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ? 	0
permits laughter 	1
, standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages . 	1
it 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective . 	1
by now intolerable 	0
although made on a shoestring and unevenly 	0
with steven seagal 	1
is consistently amusing and engrossing ... 	1
you feel good , you feel sad , 	1
is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts 	0
( sports ) admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency . 	1
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better 	1
, credible 	1
the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	0
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival 	1
this waste of time 	0
that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic 	0
conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 	0
a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire 	1
wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way 	0
cheap , b movie way 	0
i was entranced . 	1
a copy of a copy of a copy 	0
mesmerizing 	1
pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars 	1
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and 	0
transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil 	1
mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies 	0
for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster 	0
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring . 	0
is enjoyable family fare 	1
, instantly disposable 	0
an almost sure-fire prescription 	1
sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 	1
one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year 	1
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise 	1
a good shot 	1
redundant , sloppy 	0
do n't even like their characters 	0
little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors 	1
will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . '' 	0
others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	0
good things happen to bad people 	1
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one . 	0
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , 	0
lifeless rumblings 	0
major problem 	0
not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	1
is analytical 	1
works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm 	1
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting 	0
is warm , inviting , and surprising 	1
a fine idea 	1
the charm of the first movie is still there , and 	1
vanity project 	0
's very beavis and butthead , yet always 	0
a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that 	1
warm your heart 	1
, no-frills ride 	0
, unmemorable filler . 	0
the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters 	1
emotional intelligence 	1
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies 	0
visceral and spiritual 	1
he 's a better actor than a standup comedian . 	1
, this dumas adaptation entertains 	1
the man 	1
there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) 	0
confessions is n't always coherent , 	0
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary . 	1
but it was n't . 	0
crummy-looking videotape 	0
this is downright movie penance 	0
the slow , lingering death of imagination 	0
director douglas mcgrath 	1
of a first-rate cast 	1
nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 	1
all the outward elements of the original 	1
of riveting set pieces 	1
a very valuable film 	1
openness , the little surprises 	1
is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew 	0
, it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . 	1
no thanks . 	0
this comic slugfest 	1
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them 	0
, uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 	1
is lacking 	0
buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free 	0
, the hot chick is pretty damned funny . 	1
a lot of talent 	1
problematic 	0
what 's even more remarkable 	1
has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs . 	1
authenticate 	1
should share screenwriting credit 	1
chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact 	1
the fun 	1
, hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor . 	1
feel fresh 	1
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery 	1
it 's his strongest performance since the doors 	1
's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur . 	1
embraces it , energizes it 	1
del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . 	0
without reeking of research library dust 	1
a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years 	1
fling gags at it 	0
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying 	1
it does give exposure to some talented performers 	1
's never dull and 	1
only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them 	0
gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time . 	0
michael moore 's latest documentary about america 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ... 	1
unfunny tricks 	0
stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline 	0
cruel , misanthropic stuff 	0
bland police procedural details , fiennes 	0
succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . 	1
's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch . 	0
that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring 	0
control-alt-delete simone 	0
's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message 	0
with one of france 's most inventive directors 	1
character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her 	1
the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form 	1
terrible 	0
the cultural distinctions 	1
tiresome jargon 	0
even more predictable , cliche-ridden 	0
unrelentingly grim -- 	0
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart 	1
a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists . 	1
rock 's stand-up magic 	1
fear and paranoia 	0
high-adrenaline documentary 	1
above anything sandler 	1
there 's not nearly enough that 's right 	0
is a riveting , brisk delight 	1
the movie is all portent and no content 	0
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images 	1
ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans 	0
incurably romantic 	1
vibrance 	1
take for granted in most films are mishandled here . 	0
remarkable yet 	1
i have given this movie a rating of zero . 	0
well-thought stunts 	1
but certainly hard to hate 	1
a wry , affectionate delight 	1
scores a direct hit . 	1
is n't downright silly 	0
every moment crackles with tension , and 	1
wildlife 	1
is careless and unfocused . 	0
a bit exploitative 	0
welled up in my eyes both times 	1
inspires more 	1
fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian 	0
the leads ) are such a companionable couple 	1
gutter romancer 's 	0
this is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen . 	1
of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 	1
shrewd 	0
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship 	1
heart-felt 	1
make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 	1
peculiar and always entertaining costume drama 	1
shamelessly enjoyed it 	1
the most part a useless movie 	0
crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins 	0
thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment 	0
the best film of the year 2002 	1
ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 	0
the material and the production itself are little more than routine . 	0
to be taken seriously 	1
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one 	0
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause . 	1
an ingenious and often harrowing 	1
shabby digital photography 	0
a pretty good execution 	1
rerun 	0
, wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . 	1
of the most affecting depictions of a love affair 	1
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche 	0
a technical triumph and 	1
the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug 	0
unpleasant 	0
's an excellent 90-minute film here 	1
ambitious 	1
fun and nimble 	1
allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper 	1
purposefully 	1
the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . 	1
cheesier to cheesiest 	0
muddled 	0
tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 	0
an ambitious ` what if ? ' 	1
enjoying himself immensely 	1
will be two hours gained 	0
bore most audiences 	0
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick 	0
a crisp psychological drama ( and ) a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode 	1
feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams 	0
a few good laughs 	1
is more fully 	1
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 	1
takes its central idea way too seriously 	0
annoying and 	0
you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment 	0
would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud . 	0
sweet-tempered 	1
that underlies the best of comedies 	1
fairly harmless 	1
no big whoop 	0
arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation 	1
an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed 	1
solid performances and 	1
occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold 	0
to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction 	0
mature and frank fashion 	1
dopey old 	0
craven 	0
explicit 	1
subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 	0
most horrific 	0
most immediate and most obvious 	0
gaunt 	0
be a bit of a cheat in the end 	0
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats 	1
something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life 	0
with enough unexpected twists 	1
that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time 	1
a movie that understands characters must come first 	1
being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe 	0
weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past 	1
how good 	1
philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing 	0
also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were . 	0
as it should be 	1
of fighting hard for something that really matters 	1
amiable 	1
unfulfilling 	0
is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america 	1
plays closer to two . 	1
direct-to-video stuff 	0
, e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone . 	1
funny , 	1
a can of 2-day old coke 	0
charge money for this ? 	0
feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain 	1
over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense 	0
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 	1
through this picture i was beginning to hate it 	0
so many red herrings , 	0
be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work 	0
technical flaws to get in the way 	0
the triviality 	0
articulates 	1
kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust . 	0
the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art 	0
substantive movie 	1
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 	0
is so pat it makes your teeth hurt 	0
sensual 	1
that pollyana would reach for a barf bag . 	0
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 	1
wildly inventive mixture 	1
delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy 	1
an uplifting , near-masterpiece . 	1
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 	0
's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions 	0
uncompromising knowledge 	1
for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment 	1
completely delightful 	1
the teeny-bopper set 	0
wish had been developed with more care 	0
of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself 	1
of animal house 	1
payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . 	1
of american pie hijinks 	0
a terrific screenplay and 	1
the film 's creepy 	0
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that 	1
's better than the phantom menace 	1
... instead go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance . 	0
an angel simplicity 	1
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . 	0
look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar 	0
takes hold and grips 	1
sad but endearing characters 	1
outrageous or funny 	1
it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation 	0
, it irrigates our souls . 	1
the ridiculousness of its premise 	0
a smart , funny look 	1
flakeball 	0
, introspective and entertaining 	1
the best of godard 's movies 	1
no amount of good acting 	0
nobody here bothered to check it twice . 	1
`` cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! '' 	1
more strongly 	1
the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work 	1
though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 	1
horrible pains 	0
been there , done that , 	0
laughable 	0
seems a bit on the skinny side 	0
the story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . 	1
neatly 	1
same love story 	0
i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . 	1
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing . 	1
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and 	1
i have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered . 	0
works - 	1
's coherent , well shot , 	1
guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) . 	0
's already a joke in the united states . 	0
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic 	1
-- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- 	0
like the original 	1
of the ya-ya sisterhood 	1
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour 	0
unimaginative 	0
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly 	1
to a superior crime movie 	1
in an increasingly important film industry and 	1
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous 	0
the likes 	1
without resorting to camp or parody 	1
terrific special effects and 	1
improved upon the first and 	1
has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity 	0
an overly-familiar set 	0
this wafer-thin movie 	0
this film speaks for itself 	1
about a domestic unit finding their way to joy 	1
sublime music 	1
should never have been brought out of hibernation 	0
it never rises to its clever what-if concept . 	0
it 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's . 	0
a genuine love story , 	1
will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other 	0
avarice and damaged dreams 	0
devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants 	0
the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein 	0
dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem 	1
an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story 	0
it 's still damn funny stuff 	1
distanced us 	0
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices . 	0
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye 	1
er , bubbly 	1
of candid camera 	1
` opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down . 	0
mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic 	1
was a guilty pleasure 	1
this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	0
throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us 	0
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated . 	1
, but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining . 	1
stand as intellectual masterpieces 	1
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing 	1
relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... 	0
its screwed-up characters 	0
-- thoughtfully written 	1
though the story ... is hackneyed 	0
seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 	0
( headbanger ) 	1
fun and 	1
lively songs for deft punctuation 	1
are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence 	0
well-put-together piece 	1
boring talking heads , 	0
, `` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 	0
this is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair . 	1
provides an invaluable service 	0
hackneyed elements 	0
help sustain it 	1
plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown . 	0
on-screen chemistry 	1
by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap 	0
created a brilliant motion picture 	1
, miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . 	1
with serious ideas 	1
i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care 	0
means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one . 	1
seems embarrassed by his own invention 	0
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell . 	0
this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times . 	1
inspiring or insightful 	1
did n't hollywood think of this sooner 	1
a lot more bluster than bite 	0
attempts , in vain 	0
guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen 	0
give you a few laughs 	1
uninteresting , unlikeable people 	0
with real thematic heft 	1
proves it 's never too late to learn . 	1
did n't have an original bone in his body 	0
a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham 	1
welcome relief 	1
contrived , unmotivated , and 	0
if encouraging return 	1
tv episodes 	1
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi 's 	1
uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 	1
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . 	0
misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece 	1
a momentum that never lets up 	1
with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks 	0
inescapably gorgeous , 	1
lagging 	0
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it 	0
an original talent 	1
much first-rate 	1
a sour taste in your mouth 	0
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , 	0
a sham 	0
needed 	1
mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life 	0
this bitter italian comedy 	0
to be passionate and truthful 	1
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed 	1
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie 	1
how thoroughly unrewarding all of this 	0
cinema 's directorial giants 	1
, i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . 	1
baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity . 	1
who cares ? ) . 	0
is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered 	0
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog 	0
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen 	1
with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy 	1
is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . 	0
the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 	0
take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time 	1
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) 	1
a james bond series 	1
's well worth 	1
ham-fisted 	0
can be accused of being a bit undisciplined 	0
on his sentimental journey of the heart 	1
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences 	0
a big letdown 	0
snooze . 	0
often heartbreaking 	0
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro 	0
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game 	0
stylish but steady 	1
large-scale action and suspense 	1
creative , energetic and original 	1
a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile 	1
`` terrible 	0
champion the fallibility of the human heart 	1
goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy 	1
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key 	1
a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art 	0
turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum 	0
falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey 	0
statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british . 	0
the routine day to day 	1
all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own 	0
the sweet , melancholy spell 	1
is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . 	1
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast . 	1
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell . 	1
so much first-rate 	1
, kinetically-charged spy flick worthy 	1
fascinating -- and timely -- 	1
of a stylish psychological thriller 	1
a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 	1
pointless , tasteless and idiotic 	0
chilling and heart-warming 	1
a smart movie 	1
poignant and wryly amusing 	1
oozes craft 	1
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach 	1
a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and 	0
must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him . 	1
very , very good 	1
delivers on that promise 	1
, violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart 	1
keenly observed and 	1
seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . '' 	0
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia . 	0
is still a cinematic touchstone 	1
what a reckless 	0
super heroes 	1
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time . 	1
self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue 	0
, unconvincing 	0
its usual worst 	0
the story the movie tells is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career . 	0
be a great piece of filmmaking 	1
remains 	0
a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile 	1
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title . 	0
( denis ' ) bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 	0
pure composition and form 	1
career-best 	1
realized that i just did n't care 	0
submerged here , 	1
clumsy dialogue 	0
this turgid fable 	0
does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb 	0
hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy 	0
a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence 	1
... for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 	0
if festival in cannes nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy 	1
's really unclear why this project was undertaken 	0
remarkably alluring 	1
that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated 	1
empty 	0
way original 	1
scorsese 's bold images 	1
been the ultimate imax trip 	1
lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve . 	1
it 's pleasant enough and 	1
to sag in certain places 	0
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and 	0
marks a modest if encouraging return to form 	1
been more charming than in about a boy 	1
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly 	1
in the mood for an intelligent weepy 	1
a flick boasting this many genuine cackles 	1
of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue 	0
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent . 	0
drag two-thirds through , 	0
so preachy-keen and 	0
( including a knockout of a closing line ) 	1
refreshing . 	1
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , 	0
i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese 	0
of the smartest 	1
mr. polanski is in his element here 	1
her pure fantasy character 	1
a faulty premise 	0
never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class . 	0
mythic status 	1
delightful little film 	1
that 's fun for kids of any age . 	1
a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know 	1
's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 	0
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and 	1
characters ramble 	0
encumbers itself 	0
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way . 	1
liked it just enough 	1
is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children 	0
extra little something 	1
i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master 	1
lousy script 	0
is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders 	1
an elegant work , 	1
cartoonish clichés and sneering humor 	0
what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent 	1
a slick , engrossing melodrama 	1
that actually has something interesting to say 	1
the dead horse 	0
very tasteful 	1
loved the look of this film 	1
the tuxedo was n't just bad ; 	0
of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema 	0
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , 	0
mesmerizing music 	1
may be more genial than ingenious , but 	1
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side , longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context . 	0
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 	1
a nicely understated expression 	1
subject as monstrous 	0
the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . 	1
now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers 	1
cleverly 	1
already thin story 	0
of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone 	0
into the extraordinarily rich landscape 	1
great way 	1
resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs 	1
college keg party 	0
sly , intricate magic 	1
decomposition 	0
comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature 	0
based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting 	1
filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen 	1
's 86 minutes too long 	0
gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script . 	1
innocence and idealism 	1
pitch-perfect holden 	1
a very real and amusing give-and-take 	1
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray 	0
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one . 	1
an entertaining mix 	1
, she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 	1
wishing that you and they were in another movie 	0
the utter cuteness 	1
to give it a marginal thumbs up 	1
acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation 	1
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie . 	1
make it sting 	0
conceivable mistake 	0
from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 	1
entirely successful 	1
a surprising winner 	1
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy . 	0
's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions . 	1
many subplots 	1
is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start 	1
's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message 	1
is a treat 	1
be as naturally charming as it needs to be 	1
a vivid 	1
become annoying and artificial 	0
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and 	1
the unfulfilling , incongruous , 	0
gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection 	1
undone by a sloppy script 	0
is genuinely witty 	1
as tricky and satisfying as any of david 	1
any recent film , independent or otherwise , 	1
maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it 	1
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone 	1
that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard 	0
that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field 	1
throughout all the tumult 	1
perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy 	1
to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool 	0
sentimental but entirely irresistible 	1
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises 	0
the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing 	0
have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags 	0
to be had from films crammed with movie references 	0
bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 	1
dullingly repetitive 	0
formuliac 	0
a complete waste 	0
does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants 	1
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , 	0
of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart 	1
french cinema 's master craftsmen 	1
unified 	1
denying 	0
adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining 	1
pushiness 	0
is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . 	0
overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes 	0
attraction and interdependence 	1
's easier to change the sheets 	0
the right place 	1
such a buoyant , expressive flow of images 	1
the war movie compendium 	1
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder . 	0
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so 	0
ill-considered 	0
passe 	0
as a tragic figure 	0
witty 	1
in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place 	0
paranoid 	0
his promise 	1
floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity 	1
` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . 	0
uncompelling 	0
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master 	0
between dumb fun and just plain dumb 	0
filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism 	1
falling short 	0
a bad idea 	0
with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame 	0
lazy 	0
educational ! 	1
sent back 	0
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale 	1
than bland 	0
's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative 	1
season 	1
annoying , is n't it 	0
wayward teen 	1
where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating 	0
a nightmare 	0
to crush depth 	0
elaborate special effects 	1
and it is n't that funny 	0
painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 	0
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch . 	1
expecting 	1
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled 	1
is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake 	1
have otherwise been bland and 	0
've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer 	1
this marvelous film 	1
's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits 	0
ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions 	0
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here . 	1
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest . 	1
due to its rapid-fire delivery and 	1
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long . 	0
with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity 	1
delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage 	1
reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . 	1
an important film 	1
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but 	0
could hate it for the same reason 	0
great visual stylists 	1
is a masterfully conducted work . 	1
was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 	0
unblinkingly pure 	1
another disjointed 	0
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but 	0
go down with a ship as leaky as this 	0
in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness 	0
dedication 	1
that perverse element 	0
is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot . 	0
frustrations 	0
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding . 	1
down over 140 minutes 	0
a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary 	1
rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies 	1
insult 	0
is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way 	1
you 've ever seen 	1
is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music . 	1
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances 	1
red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . 	1
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and 	0
a movie-of-the-week tearjerker 	1
as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen . 	0
thoroughly enjoyed themselves and 	1
is grotesque and boring 	0
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism 	1
the troubling thing 	0
a cinematic disaster 	0
even lower-wit 	0
packed with just as much intelligence 	1
awkward hybrid 	0
admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 	1
of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe 	0
highly-praised disappointments i 	0
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard . 	1
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel 	1
can be numbing 	0
in love with myth 	1
brings together 	1
messy and frustrating , 	0
the lovers 	1
errors 	0
silly humbuggery ... 	0
of cheesy dialogue 	0
one moment in the film that surprises or delights 	1
was written for no one 	0
this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever . 	1
cesspool 	0
in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	1
see it as soon as possible 	1
it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had 	0
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom 	0
capturing 	1
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative 	0
likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine 	0
adventure and a worthwhile environmental message 	1
be engaging 	1
remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern 	1
the film with their charisma 	1
yes , that 's right 	1
warm and exotic 	1
treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . 	1
( breheny 's ) lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people . 	1
could be any flatter 	0
just two of the elements that will grab you 	1
laborious pacing 	0
are odd and pixilated and sometimes both . 	0
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , 	1
been trying to forget 	0
the first film so special 	1
certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 	0
dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate 	0
a little fleeing of its own 	0
and unabashed sweetness 	1
audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	1
the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty . 	1
dubious product 	0
upfront that the plot makes no sense 	0
for serious film buffs 	1
lightweight , uneven action comedy 	0
confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema 	1
very enjoyable ... 	1
anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here 	0
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat . 	1
, my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . 	0
guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family 	1
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , 	0
is not edward burns ' best film 	0
few new converts 	0
cringing 	0
wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential 	0
deferred and desire 	1
released in imax format 	1
is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy 	0
more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out 	1
, romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief 	1
truth-telling 	1
delightful romantic comedy 	1
its total promise 	1
damage 	0
feels counterproductive 	0
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content . 	0
this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin 	0
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing 	0
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written 	1
could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 . 	1
it 's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf . 	0
big laughs 	1
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but 	0
its surprises limp 	0
back-stabbing 	0
have a tendency to slip into hokum 	0
euphoria 	1
fade from memory 	0
, it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . 	0
pretty decent kid-pleasing 	1
due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity 	1
offers no new insight on the matter , nor 	0
to lead a group of talented friends astray 	0
their romances 	1
a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours 	1
oh , and more entertaining , too . 	1
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations 	1
's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame 	0
conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- 	1
seem downright hitchcockian 	1
surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy 	1
exhaustingly contrived 	0
then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . 	0
one of those so-so films that could have been much better . 	0
stylish film 	1
did n't mean much to me 	0
those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time 	0
ensemble cast 	1
predicament 	0
has a solid emotional impact 	1
silly beyond comprehension 	0
knocks it flat 	0
probably will enjoy themselves . 	1
an infuriating film . 	0
with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present 	0
ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong 	1
steal your heart 	1
to my great pleasure , 	1
insane comic 	1
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , 	1
not-so-small problem 	0
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . 	0
you had already seen that movie 	0
more strongly to storytelling 	1
that works against itself 	0
as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking 	1
to laugh , groan and hiss 	1
this franchise has not spawned a single good film . 	0
deep-seated , emotional 	1
, original talent 	1
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it 	1
thousand cliches 	0
infuses the movie with much of its slender , 	1
-- being real -- 	1
earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot 	1
to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 	1
a fine production 	1
film that suffers because of its many excesses 	0
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon . 	1
is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . 	1
pinheads 	0
chilling and fascinating 	1
will thrill you , touch you and make you 	1
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating . 	0
( a ) mess . 	0
at times , it actually hurts to watch . 	0
is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . 	0
important director 	1
between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial 	0
displays impeccable comic skill 	1
barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile 	1
sharp comic timing 	1
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty 	1
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . 	1
new 	1
, there is n't much to it . 	0
two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress 	0
excellent 90-minute film 	1
an interesting look 	1
out-to-change-the-world 	1
drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice 	0
too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots 	0
quiet , introspective and entertaining independent 	1
whole hours 	1
another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie 	0
darkly funny and 	1
together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire 	1
aan opportunity wasted . 	0
sweeping 	1
pulp melodrama 	0
that is the central flaw of the film 	0
finally has failed him . 	0
much worth 	1
keep them guessing 	1
a promise nor 	1
an out of place metaphor 	0
should see it as soon as possible . 	1
created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores 	1
his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 	1
is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving . 	1
's the worst movie of 2002 	0
forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be 	1
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny 	1
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay . 	0
, below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 	1
to put up with 146 minutes of it 	0
believability 	1
important movie 	1
to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent 	1
the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity 	1
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor 	1
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted . 	0
a student film 	1
holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 	1
is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults 	0
fairly ludicrous 	0
uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ... 	0
does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . 	0
weighs down the tale with bogus profundities 	0
the ethereal beauty 	1
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches 	1
directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men . 	1
pulpy concept 	0
is a riot 	1
of awe 	1
aimless for much of its running time 	0
's most offensive 	0
grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue . 	1
holes and completely lacking in chills 	0
absurdities 	0
the talent is undeniable 	1
, you barely realize your mind is being blown . 	1
does n't really know or care about the characters , 	0
the heart-pounding suspense 	1
an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ... 	1
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , 	0
is that it 's also one of the smartest 	1
felt fantasy of a director 's travel 	1
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era . 	1
's where the film ultimately fails 	0
is the ultimate movie experience 	1
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism . 	0
is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers . 	0
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence 	0
saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 	0
silly fluff 	0
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker 	1
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks . 	0
viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality 	1
on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... 	1
seems embarrassed 	0
fairly weak 	0
has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 	0
seven rip-off 	0
on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy 	0
the holes in this film 	0
, french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition 	1
a surprisingly faithful remake 	1
refreshing 	1
that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth 	0
should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad 	0
's got the brawn , but not the brains 	0
realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen 	0
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about 	0
a solid cast , 	1
its material that is deliberately unsettling 	0
if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump . 	0
's a scorcher 	1
movie fun 	1
how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others 	1
the overuse of special effects 	0
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama . 	0
shakespeare 	0
as ` wayne 	1
are really going to love the piano teacher . 	1
serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff 	0
it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare 	0
fascination , 	1
, murky and weakly acted 	0
a wonderful , ghastly film 	1
passionately 	1
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman . 	1
the best ensemble casts 	1
superior horror flick 	1
perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen . 	1
a high enough level of invention 	1
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car . 	0
wreck 	0
unsettling subject matter 	0
have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet 	1
a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest 	0
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time . 	1
a single iota worse 	0
a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy 	1
a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride . 	1
one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue 	0
arduous journey 	0
is intelligently 	1
and there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . 	1
but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti 	1
a teeth-clenching gusto 	1
with a bright future ahead of him 	1
's most refreshing about real women have curves 	1
the worst excesses 	0
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out 	1
providing some good old fashioned spooks 	1
rather unfocused 	0
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' 	0
strains 	0
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline 	0
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity 	1
you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards 	0
, the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . 	0
in good measure 	1
angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately . 	1
captive by mediocrity . 	0
be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 	1
as glum as mr. de niro 	0
crane 's decline 	0
has since 	1
full of charm 	1
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and 	0
knows how to tell us about people . 	1
the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , 	0
raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . 	1
another genre exercise 	0
that george lucas can only dream of 	1
aftertaste 	0
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either . 	0
to be delightfully compatible here 	1
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be . 	1
i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls 	0
how lame 	0
, the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time . 	0
to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california 	0
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at 	1
a picture-perfect beach 	1
accuracy 	1
a fan of the genre 	1
others in the genre 	1
a delightful entree 	1
brainless , but 	0
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary . 	1
sometimes improbable 	0
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda 	0
been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn 	1
handsome and well-made entertainment 	1
well-executed spy-thriller . 	1
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received . 	1
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb . 	0
does n't generate a lot of energy . 	0
, frenetic , funny , even punny 6 	1
see it for his performance if nothing else 	1
an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement 	1
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies . 	0
a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out 	1
charming , funny and beautifully 	1
a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet 	0
action-packed 	1
new benchmark 	1
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s 	0
, to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner 	1
enormous packages 	1
a work of art 	1
been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted 	0
despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life 	0
an inconsequential 	0
beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics . 	1
's also not very good . 	0
fine , nuanced lead performances 	1
despite the surface attractions 	0
a compelling motion 	1
worse , routine 	0
... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made . 	0
the gay '70s 	1
, in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is 	0
watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers . 	0
sacrificed for the sake of spectacle 	0
to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd 	1
its surprises 	1
looked like crap 	0
of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel 	0
you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest 	1
with a series of riveting set pieces 	1
tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy 	0
cliches , painful improbability and 	0
could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , 	0
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts 	0
be lovely 	1
good time 	1
, by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 	1
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic 	1
is dudsville . 	0
is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . 	1
so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks 	0
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances 	1
illuminates 	1
the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug 	1
both contrived and cliched 	0
can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities 	0
, pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 	0
constricted 	0
too-conscientious adaptation 	0
is just the ticket you need . 	1
the empty theaters 	0
irony 	0
will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious 	0
it wants to be 	1
under-10 set 	0
a loud , ugly , irritating movie 	0
informative 	1
to long for the end credits 	0
clumsy 	0
looking for a return ticket 	0
's worth seeing 	1
stylized swedish fillm 	1
the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby 	0
inspiring and pure 	1
is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 	0
it 's makes a better travelogue than movie . 	0
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing . 	1
amateurish screenplay 	0
of the intelligent , well-made b movie 	1
wo n't stand the cold light of day 	0
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , 	0
dazzle and delight us 	1
most complex , generous and subversive artworks 	1
its crack cast 	1
works better the less the brain is engaged 	0
wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll 	1
ultimately flawed 	0
a moving experience for people who have n't read the book 	1
appropriately cynical social commentary 	1
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . 	0
alfred hitchcock 's 	1
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , 	1
sucks . ' 	0
may be a bit disjointed 	0
but i had a lot of problems with this movie . 	0
recipe , inspiring 	1
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel 	0
win 	1
in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve 	1
one of the worst films of 2002 . 	0
eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes 	1
's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . 	1
is terrific , 	1
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness 	0
white 's dry wit 	1
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- 	0
is , more often then 	1
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting 	1
, a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . 	1
on this screenplay 	1
ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . 	1
a lot richer than the ones 	1
their idol 's energy and passion for detail 	1
an energizing , 	1
competently 	1
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team 	1
damned in queen of the damned 	0
has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood 	1
it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' 	0
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood 	1
yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective 	1
the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- 	1
exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken 	1
the trees hooting it 's praises 	1
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients 	1
unholy mess 	0
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame . 	0
of hell 	0
miraculous movie 	1
, sweet and romantic 	1
rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours 	0
sincere 	1
die for 	1
patchy combination 	0
emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen 	1
is just lazy writing . 	0
business plans 	1
he refuses to give us real situations and characters 	0
of telling a fascinating character 's story 	1
is simple but absorbing . 	1
stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter 	0
never knew what the hell was coming next 	0
seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . 	1
appreciation of the daily 	1
ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ... 	0
most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . '' 	0
can act 	1
the tinny self-righteousness 	0
damn weird 	0
, this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 	1
the light-footed enchantment 	1
if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . 	0
left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence 	0
best film 	1
that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer 	1
conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	0
a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar 	1
it pushes its agenda too forcefully 	0
awe-inspiring 	1
said the film was better than saving private ryan 	1
the talk alone is enough to keep us 	1
a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . 	1
are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work 	1
of high humidity 	1
it 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . 	1
is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true 	0
with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump 	1
me no lika da accents so good , but 	0
an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- 	0
it 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . 	1
really rattling the viewer 	0
painfully formulaic and stilted 	0
of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes 	0
causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen . 	0
refreshing visit 	1
comfortable 	1
macabre 	0
better-focused 	1
it is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year . 	0
the product of loving , well integrated homage 	1
favorably compared to das boot 	1
thoroughly awful . 	0
almost senseless 	0
warm nor fuzzy 	0
brutal 90-minute battle sequence 	0
real women have curves truly is life affirming 	1
barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 	0
sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . 	0
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations 	0
an intriguing story of maternal instincts 	1
to sell us on this twisted love story 	1
more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 	1
reviewers 	1
's nothing interesting in unfaithful 	0
a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development 	0
there 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film . 	0
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room 	0
the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience . 	0
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure 	1
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit . 	1
beautifully realized 	1
of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 	1
a very resonant chord 	1
sheer audacity and openness 	1
character-who-shall - remain-nameless 	0
cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine 	0
painful elegy 	0
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie . 	0
than you could have guessed at the beginning 	1
, emotionally devastating piece 	1
sketches ... 	1
norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination 	0
rendered tedious 	0
that it 's hardly watchable 	0
not-nearly 	0
while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work . 	1
worth the effort 	1
the highly predictable narrative falls short 	0
those who do 	1
savvy 	1
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , 	1
norton is magnetic as graham . 	1
joyous celebration 	1
the form of dazzling pop entertainment 	1
definite room for improvement 	0
the thrown-together feel 	0
feeling embarrassed 	0
an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story 	1
made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll 	1
are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid . 	0
otherworldly 	1
has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 	1
there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script 	1
a good way 	1
loved this film 	1
, flawed humanity 	0
of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories 	1
the whole mess 	0
refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy . 	1
wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ... 	0
feels less 	0
dumb , 	0
all-woman 	1
beautifully shot , 	1
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . 	0
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre 	1
imitative 	0
the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' 	0
authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless 	0
of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry 	1
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	1
story and his juvenile camera movements 	0
a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style 	1
engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces 	1
of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them 	1
some major alterations 	1
predictably efficient 	1
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb . 	1
is sufficiently funny 	1
greatest natural sportsmen 	1
festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 	1
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade . 	0
is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be . 	0
sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue 	0
the mayhem in formula 51 	0
's just rather leaden and dull 	0
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them . 	1
one part romance novel , 	1
dirty old man 	0
will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . 	1
engaging story 	1
once overly old-fashioned 	0
obviously has its merits 	1
scam 	0
offers an intriguing what-if premise 	1
triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . 	1
like it 	1
suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject 	0
it 's all surface psychodramatics . 	0
a certain degree of wit and dignity 	1
done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation 	0
you thought would leave you cold 	0
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? 	0
are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations 	1
though a capable thriller 	1
they are what makes it worth the trip to the theater . 	1
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but 	1
choppy recycling 	0
of above the rest 	1
will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 	1
of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 	1
, shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown . 	1
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless . 	0
atrociously 	0
this charmer 	1
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo 	1
to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris 	1
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . 	0
of exploitative garbage 	0
so different from the apple and so striking 	1
sitting around 	0
familiar but enjoyable 	1
static set ups , not much camera movement , 	0
has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry . 	1
there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 	0
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower . 	0
generally insulting 	0
... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit 	1
shunji iwai 's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan . 	0
is a really special walk in the woods 	1
suck 	0
infuses the movie with much of its slender 	1
have made vittorio de sica proud 	1
what a pity 	0
there 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . 	1
de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors 	1
little substance 	0
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy . 	1
succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling 	0
and `` terrible 	0
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing 	1
who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	0
is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type 	0
brimming with coltish , neurotic energy 	1
utterly static 	0
torments and 	0
drops the ball 	0
has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . 	1
term an `` ambitious failure 	0
the road to perdition 	1
promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip . 	0
an impressive roster 	1
, beautiful scene 	1
with enjoyable ease 	1
' romantic 	1
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart . 	1
, the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . 	1
with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups 	0
goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' 	0
low-tech 	0
he does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash . 	0
this one gets off with a good natured warning 	1
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both 	0
real and 	1
've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles 	0
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 	0
does hold up pretty well 	1
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but 	0
is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride . 	1
even more ludicrous 	0
a movie that deserves recommendation 	1
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery . 	1
tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen . 	0
forgotten the movie 	0
's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . 	0
went astray 	0
labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	1
some powerful people 	1
) soulless 	0
's an unhappy situation 	0
too straight-faced 	0
kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure 	1
, we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament 	0
be genuinely satisfying 	1
encompassing 	1
an erotic thriller 	1
humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be 	0
of both thematic content and narrative strength 	1
loathsome 	0
give us real situations and characters 	1
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- 	0
emerges as another key contribution 	1
yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner 	0
a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' 	0
i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further 	0
have the highest production values you 've ever seen 	1
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant 	0
with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances 	1
pretty contagious fun 	1
quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety 	1
well-wrought 	1
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage . 	1
in the wrong hands 	0
but it 's just too too much 	0
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; 	0
more complete than indecent proposal 	1
those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere . 	0
swooping down on a string of exotic locales 	1
would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny . 	0
idiotic and ugly . 	0
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery 	0
of humankind 's liberating ability 	1
ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie . 	0
the dimming 	0
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor . 	1
endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 	0
seems to want to be a character study , 	0
you like peace 	1
leave you wanting more 	1
so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks 	0
unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling . 	1
runs out of steam 	0
funny humor 	1
plays like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders . 	0
an earnest study 	1
it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 	0
with the unexplained baboon cameo 	0
serves up all of that stuff 	1
smothered 	0
excellent job 	1
turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 	0
merely very bad 	0
reality drain 	0
must have baffled the folks in the marketing department 	0
's more enjoyable than i expected 	1
fire-breathing 	1
are just two of the elements that will grab you 	1
potentially trite and overused concept 	0
to the outstanding soundtrack 	1
the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder . 	0
the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine 	0
know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 	0
original and insightful 	1
portrayed with almost supernatural powers 	1
looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics . 	0
pollyana would reach for a barf bag 	0
influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 	1
memory , resistance and artistic transcendence 	1
if the full monty was a freshman fluke 	0
there is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure . 	1
surprisingly uninvolving 	0
low , smoky and inviting sizzle 	1
adventure movie 	1
in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness 	0
hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian . 	1
perry 's good and 	1
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... 	0
succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth 	0
a more colorful , more playful tone 	1
solid movie 	1
a sense of dramatic urgency 	1
immature and 	0
, the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . 	0
engaging , wide-eyed actress 	1
offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 	1
to one of demme 's good films 	1
end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener 	0
some worthwhile themes 	1
made swimfan anyway 	1
it 's horribly depressing and not very well done . 	0
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports 	1
is generally light enough 	1
a predictable , manipulative stinker . 	0
perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man 	1
that returns the martial arts master to top form 	1
is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening 	0
almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off 	0
about the benjamins that 's hard to resist 	1
on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 	0
sweet home abomination 	0
commands 	1
which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 	1
the expressive power of the camera 	1
the movie 's sophomoric blend 	0
this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal . 	1
a young robert deniro 	1
will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking 	1
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action . 	0
gently humorous 	1
a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 	1
waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading 	0
say nothing of boring 	0
might not give a second look if we passed them on the street 	0
change watching such a character 	1
memorable 	1
with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves 	1
way too full 	0
like this movie a lot 	1
a bumper 	0
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching . 	1
sultry 	1
all too literally 	0
less a movie than 	0
it 's the very definition of epic adventure . 	1
a ) soulless 	0
an adventure story and history lesson all in one 	1
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies . 	0
-- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention . 	1
poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat 	0
made me want to pack raw dough in my ears 	0
in between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . 	0
is worth your time , 	1
symbiotic relationship 	1
, are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence . 	0
it really won my heart 	1
of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 	0
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; 	1
an actress she is 	1
unpaid 	0
burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him 	1
anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 	0
, a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 	1
intermittently good time 	1
the movie is as padded as allen 's jelly belly . 	0
's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance 	1
more appealing 	1
bewilderingly brilliant and 	1
into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem 	1
better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals 	1
just about the best straight-up 	1
borscht 	0
the believability of the entire scenario 	1
key strength 	1
even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison 	0
brilliant 	1
full advantage 	1
did i miss something ? '' 	0
, simple and soapy 	1
, composed delivery 	1
the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals . 	0
the very best movies 	1
keep you engaged 	1
is likely to find compelling 	1
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- 	0
pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men 	1
-- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- 	1
who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema 	1
aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil . 	1
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ? 	0
see it twice 	1
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe 	1
lived in a state of quiet desperation 	0
its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing 	0
( t ) he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent . 	0
down-and-dirty laugher 	1
another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees 	0
simply not funny performers 	0
to be engaging 	1
clever and cutting 	1
these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy 	0
good actors 	1
easy to love robin tunney 	1
're not merely watching history 	1
is still very much worth seeing 	1
of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 	0
but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity 	0
complete mess 	0
-- but certainly hard to hate . 	1
is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 	1
often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen 	0
( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional , even 	0
the condition of art 	1
moment 	1
is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain 	1
some honest insight 	1
warm , 	1
can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ? 	0
gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script 	1
lamer instincts 	1
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy 	1
left with a sour taste in your mouth 	0
character creations 	1
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous 	1
, whimsical feature 	1
the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch 	0
great films 	1
does n't really add up to much . 	0
a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness 	0
stay 	1
has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours 	1
is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . 	1
dislocation 	0
honest performances and exceptional detail 	1
buoyant , expressive flow 	1
a sub-formulaic slap in the face 	0
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ? 	1
affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes 	0
slovenly life 	0
made at least one damn fine horror movie 	1
innovation 	1
, narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 	1
how much he runs around and acts like a doofus 	0
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood 	1
all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream 	1
clumsy and rushed 	0
the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision 	0
haunting tale 	1
an extraordinary film 	1
to enter and accept another world 	1
most slyly exquisite 	1
a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice 	1
mysterious , sensual 	1
poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	0
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . 	0
his life drew to a close 	0
but uninvolving 	0
is in his element here 	1
delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 	0
high-octane 	1
i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) . 	0
rousing 	1
an imaginative teacher 	1
popped up with more mindless drivel 	0
it 's mildly amusing , but i certainly ca n't recommend it . 	0
be a total washout 	0
make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art 	1
deserves the hook 	0
you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned 	1
genuine acting 	1
made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 	0
as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies 	1
painful nuance 	0
a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 	0
touching film 	1
one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years 	1
insightful moments . 	1
have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and 	1
a charm 	1
's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat 	1
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , 	1
loser 	0
a sense-of-humour failure 	0
grows on you -- like a rash 	0
dim-witted pairing 	0
you 're not 	0
complaint 	0
of wit or charm 	1
does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 	0
that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears 	0
bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing . 	0
it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little . 	0
of the best ensemble casts of the year 	1
such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue 	0
a minor miracle in unfaithful 	1
undeniably hard 	0
spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role 	1
the criminal world 	0
of extremely talented musicians 	1
sandbox 	1
indifference 	0
meager weight 	0
are worthwhile . 	1
assured 	1
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but 	1
the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service 	0
the thing about guys like evans is this : you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins 	0
interesting matters 	1
most humane and important 	1
a documentary that works 	1
thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all . 	1
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie 	0
yet lacking about everything 	0
cuaron repeatedly 	0
of the qualities that made the first film so special 	1
high-concept sci fi adventures 	1
so unsympathetic 	0
gasp , shudder 	0
a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters 	1
thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer 	0
screwed-up characters 	0
feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas . 	0
difficult to connect with on any deeper level 	0
with style 	1
between chaplin and kidman 	1
is a convincing one , and 	1
a film so graceless and devoid 	0
damaged 	0
uncle ralph 	1
failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs 	0
presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain 	1
grisly 	0
rather toothless 	0
want to see it 	1
welcomes 	1
is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . 	0
picked me up , swung me around , 	1
an esteemed writer-actor 	1
a few zingers aside 	1
the thing just never gets off the ground . 	0
the fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme 's good films 	0
a witty , low-key romantic comedy . 	1
'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . 	1
devolves into a laugh-free lecture . 	0
fiercely intelligent and 	1
makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 	1
but it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . 	0
unnamed , easily substitutable 	0
kirkegaard 	1
with the exception of mccoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park . 	0
as well-characterized 	1
more fascinating 	1
it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes 	1
's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre 	0
mundane '70s disaster flick 	0
sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful 	1
an 88-minute highlight reel 	1
nothing funny 	0
embarrassingly 	0
marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain 	1
together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers 	1
got to me 	1
the action clichés just pile up . 	0
deserved co-winner 	1
m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema 	0
inept and 	0
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter . 	1
is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . 	1
fascinating psychological fare 	1
( a ) soulless , 	0
comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary 	1
the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time . 	0
enjoyable randomness 	1
's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn 	1
the rat-a-tat energy 	1
is plenty of fun for all . 	1
enough to keep men 	1
take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis . 	1
lame musketeer 	0
absurd 	0
catapulting 	1
by shooting itself in the foot 	0
one relentlessly depressing situation 	0
easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros 	1
rather cold-blooded comedy 	0
saccharine sentimentality 	0
while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time . 	1
sinks into by-the-numbers territory . 	0
inconsequential 	0
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and 	0
the action clichés 	0
a director to watch 	1
can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? 	0
spider-man 	1
is reasonably entertaining , 	1
aesthetically and sexually 	1
rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy . 	1
're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject 	0
relentlessly depressing 	0
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year 	0
hard-to-swallow 	0
scratch a hole in your head 	0
disappointing in comparison 	0
cult 	0
is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible 	0
's stylishly directed with verve 	1
artificial and opaque 	0
does this so well 	1
to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love 	1
fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything 	0
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin 	0
makes two hours feel like four . 	0
the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham 	1
it 's one long bore . 	0
is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . 	1
touching , transcendent love story 	1
jealousy 	0
rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 	0
liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive . 	1
surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy . 	0
petty 	0
right to be 	1
to keep this from being a complete waste of time 	0
ultimate imax trip 	1
entertainment 	1
'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries 	1
is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades 	1
badly awry 	0
a romantic comedy 	1
has something significant to say 	1
making a vanity project with nothing new 	0
simplistic story 	0
a visually stunning rumination 	1
itch to explore more 	1
we can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art . 	0
be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy 	1
an interesting slice 	1
stilted 	0
has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years 	1
is insipid 	0
plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going 	0
fabricated 	0
, in an irresistible junior-high way , 	1
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , 	0
not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie 	0
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean 	0
great saturday night live sketch 	1
impressive job 	1
-- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying 	1
that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 	1
passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese 	1
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film 	1
's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series . 	1
real vitality 	1
everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth 	0
of humor , verve and fun 	1
garde 	0
every cliche 	0
genuine spontaneity 	1
this method almost never fails him 	1
this pretentious mess 	0
this method almost never fails him , and 	1
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , 	0
better characters , 	1
to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes 	1
as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , ( franco ) has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . 	0
are so overstated 	0
too goodly , wise and knowing 	1
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . 	0
in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . 	1
its first-time feature director 	1
gives the lie to many clichés and 	0
a small movie with a big impact . 	1
very handsomely produced let-down 	0
a brilliant movie 	1
make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger 	1
of the human heart 	1
for its overwhelming creepiness 	0
being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 	0
boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . 	1
of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances 	1
delightfully compatible 	1
stylish weaponry 	1
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions . 	0
those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original 	0
fine performances 	1
the movie 's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish . 	0
coherent rhythm 	1
played and smartly directed 	1
drew to a close 	1
's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism 	0
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot 	1
manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference 	0
used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way 	1
blandly 	0
no particular bite 	0
less a story 	0
is good , except its timing . 	1
a shrill , didactic cartoon 	0
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . ' 	1
too predictably , in fact . 	0
can enjoy 	1
' i feel better already . 	1
since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously 	1
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out . 	0
incoherence reigns . 	0
make it an above-average thriller 	1
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots . 	0
a 95-minute commercial 	0
bones tickled 	1
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet 	1
, the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation . 	0
bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people 	1
ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period 	1
overbearing 	0
with soul 	1
much as i laughed throughout the movie 	1
you do n't need to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california . 	0
the brilliance of animal house 	1
once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable . 	1
, and intermittently hilarious 	1
best thing 	1
realized the harsh reality of my situation 	0
awkward interplay and utter lack 	0
any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors . 	0
often exciting 	1
is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians 	1
emotional buttons 	0
surprisingly sensitive script co-written 	1
sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , 	1
black hawk down and we were soldiers 	1
on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction 	1
do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation . 	0
even the stuffiest cinema goers 	1
it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored 	1
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date . 	0
the power of strong voices 	1
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) 	1
entertainment opportunism at its most glaring 	0
impress 	1
his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson 	1
a holy fool 	0
still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it 	0
by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work 	0
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back . 	1
going nowhere fast 	0
ambitious movie 	1
the highest power 	1
be distasteful to children and adults alike 	0
unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles 	0
delivers fascinating psychological fare 	1
on great scares and a good surprise ending 	1
are masterfully controlled . 	1
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient 	0
`` shock humor '' 	0
is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination . 	1
feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us 	0
with an utterly incompetent conclusion 	0
considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 	0
a strong-minded viewpoint , or 	1
generally smart 	1
is born to play shaggy 	1
becomes instead a grating endurance test . 	0
, rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . 	0
ladles on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza . 	1
rouses us . 	1
compelling story 	1
winning performances and 	1
, snide and prejudice . 	0
working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	1
by a gritty style and an excellent cast 	1
cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks 	0
the frequent allusions 	1
the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes . 	1
exuberant openness 	1
... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt . 	0
you might as well be watching a rerun 	0
a pedestrian , flat drama 	0
in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 	1
of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness 	1
is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol 	1
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ... 	1
his way to becoming the american indian spike lee 	1
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful . 	1
intrigued 	1
of ( woo 's ) best work 	1
what we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . 	0
spice 	1
it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative 	0
a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart . 	1
of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure 	1
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time . 	1
idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 	0
filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability 	1
overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration . 	0
comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case 	1
summer entertainment 	1
distinct and very welcome sense 	1
emotional misery 	0
what i saw , i enjoyed . 	1
resemble the shapeless 	0
sneering 	0
wasted minutes of sandler 	0
, eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 	1
too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 	0
as darkly funny , energetic , 	1
cleaver 	1
that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible 	0
will capture the minds and hearts of many 	1
family 	1
but undernourished and plodding . 	0
worth checking out at theaters 	1
seems embarrassed by his own invention and 	0
to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense 	0
preserving a sense of mystery 	1
bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . 	1
a grittily beautiful film that looks , 	1
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty 	1
close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 	1
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it 	0
co-writer/director jonathan parker 's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short . 	0
such a flat , plodding picture 	0
got a place in your heart for smokey robinson 	1
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , 	1
there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction 	1
more than a movie 	1
bad sound 	0
the impressively discreet filmmakers 	1
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . 	1
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor 	0
tepid and choppy recycling 	0
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own . 	0
ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 	1
patriot 	1
the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey 	1
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions . 	0
may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work 	1
a rerun 	0
smoke signals 	1
gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior 	1
rare quality 	1
the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , 	0
a poignant comedy 	1
, inescapably gorgeous , 	1
manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly 	0
eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 	1
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart 	1
flower-power liberation 	1
dull in its lack of poetic frissons 	0
as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material 	0
grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 	0
in sorrow 	0
after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . 	1
earnest performances 	1
a compelling coming-of-age drama 	1
a ' list cast 	1
cast and surehanded direction 	1
is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally 	0
loved it 	1
so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 	0
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 	0
silly and monotonous 	0
inventive , consistently intelligent 	1
worst sin 	0
need agile performers 	0
unpredictable character 	0
spin hopelessly out 	0
be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 	0
collapses under its own meager weight 	0
with the terrifying message 	0
a bit of a downer and a little 	0
not-very-funny 	0
splendidly cast pair 	1
another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ... 	0
redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star 	0
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game 	1
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , 	0
often downright creepy 	0
detail 	1
eats up the screen 	1
as graceful 	1
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , 	0
sewage 	0
the weak payoff 	0
formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory 	0
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare . 	1
when you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation 	1
a cute partnership in i spy 	1
bitter end 	0
struggles of the working class to life 	1
is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age 	0
cheap-looking version of candid camera 	0
everyone can enjoy 	1
, ' i feel better already . 	1
cliche with little new added . 	0
shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait 	1
more colorful 	1
crassly flamboyant 	0
edgy camera work 	1
nominated for an oscar 	1
a triumph , 	1
's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence . 	1
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , 	0
fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work 	1
disagreeable 	0
just another generic drama 	0
, twisty yarn 	1
start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves 	1
mildly entertaining 	1
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , 	1
i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and 	1
of our respect 	1
their project so interesting 	1
no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film . 	0
, you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 	0
it 's not half-bad 	1
( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 	1
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , 	1
bad movies 	0
his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline 	1
does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain 	1
embodies the transformation of his character 	1
admirable 	1
is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 	1
running off 	0
last count 	1
be rewarded with some fine acting 	1
one good idea 	1
the compassion , good-natured humor and 	1
giddy and whimsical and relevant today 	1
been astronomically bad 	0
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly 	0
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious 	1
unimaginable 	0
have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age 	1
cutting-edge indie filmmaking 	1
leaving questions in its wake 	0
figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm . 	1
satire lucky break 	1
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out 	1
simply feeling like no other film in recent history 	1
breathtaking 	1
thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait 	1
the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness 	1
some good , organic character work , 	1
students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously 	1
just a string of stale gags , 	0
too ludicrous and borderline insulting 	0
, lame screenplay 	0
the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause . 	1
devastating 	0
's easy to like 	1
a ponderous and pretentious endeavor 	0
with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking 	1
most amazing 	1
the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for 	1
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer . 	1
dull moment 	0
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women . 	1
good sense 	1
he 's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed . 	0
try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde 	0
comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors 	1
an exceptionally good idea 	1
are sweet and believable , 	1
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow ! 	0
an obvious rapport with her actors and 	1
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged 	0
been told and retold 	0
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work 	1
is supposed to be madcap farce 	1
each one of these people stand out 	1
like . 	1
very much worth 	1
bad the film 's story does not live up to its style 	0
strives 	1
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video . 	0
amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination 	1
a serious movie with serious ideas . 	1
thriller remarkable 	1
, is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is 	0
touching , smart and complicated 	1
angelina jolie 's surprising flair 	1
self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash 	0
cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances 	1
, colorful , semimusical 	1
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted . 	0
leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach 	0
more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine 	0
among the studio 's animated classics 	1
not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 	1
recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera 	0
tells us nothing new 	0
is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . 	1
the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man 	1
is of the darkest variety 	0
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames . 	0
into splatter movies 	0
derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved 	0
instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way 	1
first real masterpiece 	1
are consistently delightful 	1
strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder . 	0
dud from frame one . 	0
maid in manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies . 	0
paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script 	0
low-grade 	0
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and 	0
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché 	1
you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live 	1
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and 	1
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america 	1
is rigid and evasive in ways 	0
uneven performances 	0
ingeniously constructed than `` memento '' 	1
a dreary movie . 	0
like a well-made pb & j sandwich 	1
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious 	0
a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman 	1
to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 	0
directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue 	0
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment 	1
seems more tacky and reprehensible 	0
given by the capable cast 	1
a deficit 	0
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming . 	1
the widowmaker is a great yarn 	1
screwing things up old school 	0
's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama 	0
equate to being good , 	1
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics . 	0
tinged with tragic undertones 	0
extreme action-packed film 	1
that never 	0
of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure 	0
a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week 	1
a successful one 	1
found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style 	1
to our dismay 	0
comparatively sane and healthy 	1
, obnoxious 88-minute 	0
this movie 's got it 	1
putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . 	0
sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices 	0
a string of ensemble cast romances recently 	1
to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget 	1
pointed , often tender , 	1
sharp and 	1
seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots 	1
recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting 	1
the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . 	0
warmed-over cold war paranoia 	0
is the most visually unappealing 	0
, the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . 	0
current americanized adaptation 	1
an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema 	1
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy . 	1
into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need 	1
director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates . 	1
' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . 	1
tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price 	0
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty . 	1
a very well-meaning movie , 	1
was just a matter of ` eh 	0
nature film and a tribute 	1
does n't add up 	0
an incongruous summer playoff 	0
beats new life 	1
mundane soap opera 	0
known as ' a perfect family film 	1
to arrest development in a dead-end existence 	0
has several strong performances . 	1
is not 	0
a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity 	1
lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success 	0
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office . 	1
somewhat tired premise 	0
has something to say 	1
love , communal discord , 	1
into the urban heart 	1
of good sense 	1
a light , 	1
there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . 	1
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter . 	1
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience 	0
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least 	1
a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration 	0
kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious . 	0
sell it 	1
exceedingly memorable 	1
a fantastic movie 	1
delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids 	1
crash-and-bash action 	1
slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves . 	0
gentle , endearing 	1
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music . 	1
it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	1
turd squashed 	0
knucklehead swill 	0
the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 	0
decide what annoyed me most about god is great 	0
like a mix of cheech and chong 	1
- kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked 	1
this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip 	0
self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman 	0
by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot 	0
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , 	1
we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 	0
no lika 	0
is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 	1
a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo 	0
it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	0
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed 	1
what is kind of special 	1
missed opportunity 	0
undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards 	0
the pianist ( is ) a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life 	1
, it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence 	0
colors the picture in some evocative shades 	1
undone 	0
is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up . 	0
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom . 	1
allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself 	0
some cute moments , funny scenes , and 	1
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france 	0
hardhearted scrooge 	0
7th heaven 	0
ensues are much blood-splattering 	0
unlike 	0
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language 	1
dialogue and plot lapses 	0
it comes off as annoying rather than charming 	0
, labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 	1
manipulating our collective fear 	1
a number of holes 	0
, i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . 	0
good cinematography 	1
's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film . 	0
despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes 	0
to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one 	0
a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success 	0
mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face 	1
his boisterous energy 	1
this a high water mark for this genre 	1
a fascinating character study 	1
humor and 	1
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year . 	0
written , flatly , 	0
for a breath of fresh air now and then 	1
far superior film 	1
a snore 	0
song-and-dance-man 	1
a sharp script 	1
assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio -- 	1
too predictable and 	0
a role of almost bergmanesque intensity 	1
plodding 	0
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 	0
goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so 	0
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility . 	0
inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience 	0
strong piece 	1
earns extra points by acting as if it were n't 	1
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications . 	0
is its utter sincerity . 	1
manipulative and 	0
the plot offers few surprises 	0
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home 	0
it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it . 	0
has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 	1
ends up being neither 	0
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here . 	1
construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis 	0
this distinguished actor 	1
acute expressiveness 	1
goes straight to video 	0
the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay 	0
might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 	0
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults 	0
sweet , tender sermon 	1
gaping 	0
godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . 	1
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency . 	1
gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air 	1
with such clarity 	1
enigma lacks it . 	0
offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . 	1
a classic theater piece 	1
to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments 	1
it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment 	0
the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio . 	0
lack contrast , are murky and 	0
muddled , 	0
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	1
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies 	1
the rich promise of the script 	1
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 	0
some like it 	1
promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	0
is at 22 a powerful young actor . 	1
an engaging story 	1
the film was better than saving private ryan 	1
as darkly funny , energetic , and 	1
acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . 	1
no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight 	0
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and 	1
fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	0
seems aware of his own coolness 	1
a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it 	1
that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 	0
a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion 	1
marginal 	0
is one of this year 's very best pictures 	1
hyper-artificiality 	0
place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics 	0
sensuous and spirited tale 	1
's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted 	1
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics 	1
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality 	0
like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments 	0
a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem 	1
pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 	0
a such a brainless flibbertigibbet 	0
of tradition and warmth 	1
american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place 	1
ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness 	0
splendid performances 	1
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy . 	1
take the viewer inside the wave 	1
watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises 	1
to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy 	0
an overly sillified plot 	0
too much to do , too little time to do it in 	0
, here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . 	0
spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say 	0
that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women 	0
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen . 	1
for insights 	1
, juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre 	0
got me grinning 	1
is charming 	1
tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 	1
supposedly funny 	0
lovely and amazing is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . 	1
has a pleasing way with a metaphor 	1
fairly slow paced 	0
and more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 	1
oddly detached 	0
's never dull 	1
a bad imitation 	0
being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	0
that made the full monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work 	0
shows deft comic timing . 	1
that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago 	0
the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 	1
rich and luscious 	1
i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey . 	1
the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory 	1
the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	0
resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative 	1
why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? 	0
's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy 	0
feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks 	0
all the same problems the majority of action comedies have 	0
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers 	0
sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 	0
fulfilling 	1
of the grieving process 	0
sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . 	1
either 11 times too many or else too few 	0
by the time it 's done with us , 	0
an engaging and moving portrait 	1
wears out its limited welcome 	0
's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose . 	0
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so 	0
could have been a daytime soap opera 	0
memorable 	1
the crassness of this reactionary thriller 	0
stuffiest cinema goers 	0
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , 	0
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l.a. to that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either . 	0
suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled . 	0
short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries 	0
sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth 	1
really bad imitation 	0
goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling 	1
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing 	0
ca n't sustain it . 	0
refreshed and hopeful 	1
to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire 	0
a remarkable and novel concept 	1
modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare 	0
somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton 	1
special 	1
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format 	1
a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 	1
as history 	1
that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients 	0
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment . 	0
considerable charm 	1
is enormously good fun . 	1
an enjoyable above average summer diversion . 	1
a good job 	1
that the franchise 's best years are long past 	0
the true impact of the day 	1
is somewhat entertaining 	1
gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done . 	1
puréed mélange 	0
thoroughly entertaining 	1
certain charm 	1
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , 	0
all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams . 	0
the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens 	0
takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about 	0
providing an experience that is richer than anticipated 	1
obvious as telling a country skunk 	0
is that it 's a brazenly misguided project . 	0
enjoy it 	1
that good theatre 	1
for genre fans 	1
a pathetic exploitation film 	0
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- 	0
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year 	1
a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him 	0
less as a documentary and more as a found relic 	1
is a step down for director gary fleder . 	0
all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence . 	1
a serious movie 	1
's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves 	1
and good intentions 	1
feels like a glossy rehash 	0
pushes too hard 	0
is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair . 	1
very charming and funny 	1
seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers 	0
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives . 	0
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking 	0
well-acted , 	1
laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 	0
solid cast 	1
damon and 	1
too much obvious padding 	0
talented director as chen kaige 	1
for once 	1
even gritty enough 	1
this is not an easy film . 	0
raw comic energy 	1
the real turns magical 	1
its fun 	1
the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing 	0
could take me back to a time before i saw this movie 	0
that it has n't gone straight to video 	0
accomplished work 	1
it 's plotless , shapeless 	0
subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer 	0
resonant film since the killer 	1
is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** . 	0
is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring . 	0
along looking for astute observations and coming up blank 	0
, love . 	1
the characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . 	0
is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . 	1
is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original 	0
seem disappointing 	0
the face of death 	0
nature and family warmth 	1
horrendously 	0
is a tale worth catching . 	1
the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement . 	1
that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller 	1
not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous 	0
the film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise . 	1
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish 	1
... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . 	1
nebrida 	1
gross romanticization 	0
epics 	1
is amazing , 	1
of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged 	0
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind 	1
the inherent absurdity 	0
in the truest sense 	1
of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen 	1
another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 is as generic as its title . 	0
avoid 	0
carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others 	1
works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times 	1
for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why 	0
is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend 	1
was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy 	1
they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up 	0
for nearly three hours 	1
mean-spirited film 	0
friend 	1
deeply pessimistic or 	1
made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire . 	0
colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 	0
instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza 	0
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age . 	1
bogs down in genre cliches here 	0
when not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . 	0
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and 	1
, godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon . 	1
a serious movie with serious ideas 	1
breathe life into this somewhat tired premise 	1
drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress 	0
a wry , affectionate delight . 	1
a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity 	1
sucks , but has a funny moment or two 	0
has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism . 	0
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth . 	0
goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better 	0
uneven , 	0
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought 	0
clichéd to a fault 	0
you laugh 	1
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- 	0
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . 	0
a juicy writer 	1
make you feel like a sucker 	0
's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects 	1
chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 	0
it is generally amusing from time to time 	1
soap opera-ish dialogue 	0
complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones 	1
poor 	0
is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents 	0
are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones 	1
has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	1
terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most 	0
two tedious 	0
a nearly terminal case 	0
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin . 	1
( t ) oo many of these gross out scenes ... 	0
stylistically , the movie is a disaster . 	0
as beautiful , 	1
genial-rogue shtick 	0
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense . 	0
giggly 	1
is a pretty decent little documentary . 	1
purgatory county 	0
best and most mature comedy 	1
an elegantly balanced movie 	1
astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one 	1
is way , way off . 	0
is the central flaw of the film 	0
memorable cinematic experience 	1
of the bad reviews 	0
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks 	0
we never feel anything for these characters , and 	0
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike 	0
though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess . 	1
rumor 	0
happy listening to movies 	1
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me 	1
strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but 	1
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; 	1
reach for a barf bag 	0
a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way 	1
genuine insight into the urban heart 	1
`` radical '' or `` suck '' 	0
lurid and less 	0
a dead-end existence 	0
sad nonsense , 	0
tear their eyes away 	1
run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest 	0
to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets 	0
scuzzy underbelly 	0
larded 	0
foundering performance 	0
lulls you into a gentle waking coma . 	0
ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . 	0
resident evil is not it 	0
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren . 	1
fighting the same fights 	0
visually atrocious 	0
poking their genitals into fruit pies 	0
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart . 	0
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing 	0
the hours , a delicately crafted film , 	1
a film of delicate interpersonal dances . 	1
a lousy one 	0
at the edge of your seat for long stretches 	1
intimate contemplation 	1
baffling mixed platter 	0
finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	0
non-exploitive approach 	1
the problem with all of this : it 's not really funny . 	0
from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 	1
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades . 	1
charmless 	0
finely crafted , finely written , 	1
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time 	0
... unlike ( scorsese 's mean streets ) , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . 	0
an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again 	1
a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants 	1
it 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long . 	0
odoriferous thing ... 	0
strongest performance 	1
, your senses are as mushy as peas 	0
, no one can hear you snore 	0
half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 	0
cruel 	0
relative letdown . 	0
lushly photographed and beautifully recorded . 	1
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . 	0
laughs and not the last time 	1
're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license 	0
his future wife 	1
going to be something really good 	1
accessible 	1
earnest study 	1
cunning 	1
includes one of the strangest 	1
most daring 	1
the laborious pacing and 	0
a photographic marvel 	1
massive cardiac arrest 	0
but still quite tasty and inviting all the same 	1
an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection 	1
eisenstein delivers . 	1
soars above the material realm 	1
has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors . 	1
being able to give full performances 	1
humor and 	1
a solid , 	1
is sorely lacking . 	0
in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk 	1
a definitive account 	1
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny 	1
better drama 	1
far short 	0
inviting all the same 	1
a solid and refined piece 	1
suffer the same fate 	0
delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households 	1
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and 	1
failing 	0
purposeless 	0
the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride 	1
the story goes nowhere 	0
a glorious dose 	1
've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 	1
it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 	0
kung pow is oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that . 	0
shallow , noisy and pretentious 	0
posing as a real movie . 	0
a thriller , and the performances 	1
with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver 	1
wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance 	0
heartfelt story 	1
conservative christian parents and 	1
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation 	1
an extraordinary faith in the ability of images 	1
's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist 	1
a detailed historical document 	1
weaknesses 	0
exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , 	1
's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling 	1
everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away 	1
is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 	1
astonishingly skillful and moving 	1
the home video market 	0
plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 	1
confident filmmaking and 	1
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture 	1
, it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 	0
beyond its formula 	1
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and 	0
a glorious spectacle 	1
sensitive and astute 	1
can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) 	0
an elegant work , food of love 	1
's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona . 	1
vulgarity , sex scenes 	0
most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars 	1
sleep-inducingly 	0
touching love story 	1
by a disastrous ending 	0
's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet 	0
a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten 	1
authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , 	0
sorry use of aaliyah in her one 	0
making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	1
in this every-joke-has - been-told-a 	0
how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest 	0
almost humdrum approach to character development 	0
sassy interpretation 	1
faithful 	1
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them 	0
redolent of a thousand cliches 	0
of france 's most inventive directors 	1
almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- 	1
exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing 	0
thirst 	1
in on the resourceful amnesiac 	1
figures prominently in this movie , and 	1
tour de 	1
is a bore 	0
off-puttingly cold 	0
children behave like adults and everyone 	0
his aversion 	0
this beautifully 	1
deeply humanizing 	1
a tone of rueful compassion ... 	1
though the film is static 	0
self-defeatingly decorous 	0
lifeless execution 	0
tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here 	0
make for one splendidly cast pair . 	1
, hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 	1
from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen 	1
a pasolini film without passion or politics 	0
could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 	0
a hallmark film 	1
genuine heart 	1
run-of-the-filth gangster flicks 	0
surrealistic 	1
( maybe twice ) 	1
, the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers . 	1
-- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight . 	1
you really want to understand what this story is really all about 	1
can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already 	0
had no trouble sitting for blade ii . 	1
another clever if pointless excursion 	0
the visual flair and bouncing bravado 	1
with no good inside dope , and no particular bite 	0
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies 	1
secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . 	1
in me 	1
the film has a terrific look and 	1
skidding 	0
the rare sequel 	1
eventful 	1
understand her choices 	1
disposable 	0
admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace 	0
inconclusive 	0
do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money 	0
reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart 	1
gay love stories 	1
a sardonic jolt 	1
cheap scam 	0
to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept 	0
dreadful 	0
ill-advised and 	0
such sensitivity 	1
believe that people have lost the ability to think 	0
that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice 	1
ragbag 	0
a warm , moving message 	1
the effort is sincere and the results are honest 	1
mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame . 	0
self-consciously arty 	0
an absorbing look 	1
strangely tempting bouquet 	1
drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 	0
the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . 	1
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe 	1
the best film of the year 2002 . 	1
pay to see it 	1
is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time 	1
it 's all the stronger because of it 	1
a spark of its own 	1
there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . 	1
poky 	0
great performances 	1
two-day old porridge 	0
whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 	1
fascinating profile 	1
horrible poetry 	0
hot-button items 	1
immersed 	1
takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints 	1
` matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy . 	0
most admirable quality 	1
wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step 	0
ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff 	0
the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries 	1
come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated . 	1
has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . 	1
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care 	0
there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body 	0
submarine movie 	1
an intriguing what-if premise 	1
in a stunning fusion of music and images 	1
the brain 	1
you 're almost dozing 	0
mind-destroying cinematic pollution 	0
of family , forgiveness and love 	1
a tired tyco ad 	0
is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power 	1
uncinematic but 	0
, verve and fun 	1
is blood-curdling stuff 	1
druggy 	0
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , 	1
used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending 	0
's lots of cute animals and clumsy people 	1
familiar road 	1
was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo 	1
is strange and compelling 	1
offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable 	1
of renegade-cop tales 	1
is well worthwhile . 	1
has really found his groove these days 	1
the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy 	0
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies 	1
so vivid 	1
severe body odor 	0
how clever 	1
used my two hours better watching 	0
no such thing is a big letdown . 	0
the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener 	0
manipulation or corny conventions 	0
pointless mayhem 	0
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , 	1
a mobius strip 	1
nincompoop 	0
truly is life affirming 	1
satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale 	1
well-directed 	1
our best actors 	1
a cohesive story 	1
those with a modicum of patience 	0
not a good movie 	0
fierce grace 	1
it does n't work as either . 	0
a smart , nuanced look at de sade 	1
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies . 	1
vital action sequences 	1
instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way . 	1
that it risks monotony 	0
result in a movie that works against itself . 	0
a popcorn film , not a must-own , 	1
give what can easily be considered career-best performances 	1
overstimulated 	0
some of the computer animation is handsome 	1
an absurd finale 	0
the best comedy concert movie 	1
the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery 	0
vulgar innuendo 	0
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly . 	1
is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist . 	1
a 94-minute travesty 	0
be mildly amusing 	1
face frightening late fees 	0
one of those all-star reunions 	1
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american 	1
stevens is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits . 	0
rotten 	0
a vivid imagination 	1
is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures . 	1
so insanely stupid , 	0
`` sorority boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad 	0
it may be a no-brainer 	1
pleasant enough -- 	1
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit 	1
of sly humor 	1
this sensuous and spirited tale 	1
be surefire casting 	1
that verges on the amateurish 	0
that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence 	0
documentary to disregard available bias 	1
deliciously nonsensical comedy 	1
is honestly affecting 	1
a disappointment 	0
are remarkable . 	1
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net . 	1
uncluttered 	1
are both superb , 	1
seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little . 	0
as the film has some of the best special effects ever 	1
photographed with color and depth , and rather a good time . 	1
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness 	1
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . ' 	1
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors . 	0
steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . 	1
sink the movie . 	0
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular 	1
of small town regret , love , duty and friendship 	1
is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail 	0
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually 	1
older 	0
tired jokes 	0
for the most part , the film is deadly dull 	0
sexiness 	1
seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	1
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama 	1
action sequences and some of the worst dialogue 	0
racist humor 	0
an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama 	1
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america 	1
technical flaws 	0
the girls ' amusing personalities 	1
feels incredibly hokey 	0
, i hated myself in the morning . 	0
willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor 	1
most splendid 	1
pure venality 	0
irresistible blend 	1
action hero performances 	1
a surprisingly juvenile lark , 	0
, shrewd , powerful act 	1
even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light 	0
a gritty style and an excellent cast 	1
its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through 	0
more fun than conan the barbarian 	1
the gloomy film noir veil 	0
as a ghost story gone badly awry 	0
choose to skip it 	0
, brash and mainly unfunny 	0
perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features 	1
it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	1
, the 1960 version is a far smoother ride . 	1
great team 	1
's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe . 	0
, big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . ' 	0
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker 	0
jason x is this bad on purpose 	0
edge 	1
entrapment 	1
, the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 	0
this likable movie 	1
it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break 	0
the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic . 	0
does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve 	0
bad to be good 	0
... its three-hour running time plays closer to two . 	0
try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching 	1
rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption 	1
's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something . 	1
me feel unclean 	0
were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke 's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` do not go gentle into that good theatre . ' 	0
clever , offbeat 	1
her pure fantasy character , 	1
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy 	0
unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form . 	1
an eye on preserving a sense of mystery 	1
goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan 	0
loved on first sight and , even more important 	1
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence . 	1
charm , cultivation and devotion to his people 	1
a potentially good comic premise and 	1
charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy . 	1
the film grows on you . 	1
intellectually and logistically a mess . 	0
's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf . 	0
movie-of-the-week 	1
b movie 	0
of adolescent sturm und drang 	0
crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality 	0
for an eagerness 	1
we 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments . 	0
the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games 	1
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle . 	0
the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary 	1
find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology 	1
be embraced 	1
, eisenstein delivers . 	1
to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry 	0
the story ... is hackneyed 	0
innocent , childlike 	1
fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling . 	1
about surprising us by trying something new 	1
béart and berling are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent . 	1
on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls 	1
we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society 	1
spontaneous creativity and 	1
the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism . 	1
we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and 	0
oppressive 	0
atypically hypnotic approach 	1
japanese epic 	1
great past 	1
looking down at your watch and 	0
marginal characters 	0
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing 	1
be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title 	0
it 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex . 	0
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god 	1
shows excess in business and pleasure , 	1
for a director i admire 	1
rounded and revealing 	1
conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle 	1
fascinating character 's 	1
is priceless . 	1
be talking about the film once you exit the theater 	1
it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence 	0
taylor 's cartoonish performance and 	0
... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . ' 	0
shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film 	0
will forgive the flaws and love the film 	1
one of the most original american productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . 	1
there 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale . 	0
they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either 	0
sorrowful lows 	0
a remarkably original work 	1
, this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . 	1
're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 	0
only so much baked cardboard i need to chew 	0
disguise 24/7 	0
a great way 	1
to reel in the audience 	1
, the more you will probably like it . 	1
knows how to tell us about people 	1
forget its absurdity 	0
any naked teenagers horror flick 	0
is not an easy film . 	0
noticeable lack 	0
of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much 	0
ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter 	0
that 's where the film ultimately fails 	0
even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 	1
their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people 	1
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood 	1
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers 	1
devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower . 	1
young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale 	1
grow increasingly disturbed 	0
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story . 	0
about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution 	0
from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic 	0
disapproval 	0
rape and 	0
silly -- and gross -- 	0
visual delights 	1
is n't worth telling 	0
is grand-scale 	1
denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism 	0
-- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- 	0
an intelligent flick 	1
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart . 	1
beautiful film to watch 	1
can do no wrong with jason x. 	1
lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo 	1
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler 	1
huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes 	1
believing people were paid to make it 	0
funniest idea 	1
unbearably beautiful 	1
's updating works surprisingly well 	1
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . 	1
this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . 	1
why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ? 	1
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 	1
stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric 	0
what 's next ? 	1
if you saw it on tv , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 	0
love and 	1
savvy director robert j. siegel and his co-writers 	1
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears 	1
j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl . 	1
an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness 	1
doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves 	0
is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 	0
favor 	1
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject . 	0
buried , drowned 	0
is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . 	1
rambling 	0
... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters 	1
to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . 	1
's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance . 	1
the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood 	0
, you will enjoy seeing how both evolve 	1
almost perpetually wasted 	0
thoroughly enjoyable . 	1
is painfully bad 	0
as naturally charming 	1
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : 	1
lacking substance and soul 	0
bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material 	0
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking . 	1
is dreamy and evocative 	1
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process 	1
a fair bit 	1
makes it worth the trip to the theater 	1
darkly funny 	1
thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry 	1
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy 	1
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner . 	0
to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 	1
even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread 	1
graceless and devoid 	0
original hit movie 	1
his supple understanding of the role 	1
it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . 	0
serious suspense 	1
embarrassingly ham-fisted 	0
her passionate , tumultuous affair 	1
are spectacular 	1
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , 	0
gon na like this movie 	1
forgiveness and love 	1
why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad 	0
a sweet and sexy film 	1
a decent attempt 	1
is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . 	0
you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . ' 	1
timeless 	1
is too heady for children , and too preachy 	0
a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics 	0
are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp 	0
heart and unsettling subject matter 	1
that keeps you 	1
misuse 	0
that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 	1
vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse . 	1
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting 	1
cult classic 	1
unflattering 	0
delivers real bump-in - the-night chills 	1
what 's most memorable about circuit 	1
one thing 's for sure -- if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head . 	0
an encouraging new direction 	1
classy , sprightly spin 	1
ca n't help but feel ` stoked . 	1
, sex with strangers is a success . 	1
totally estranged from reality 	0
, delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . 	1
and poorly-constructed comedy 	0
dreadful day 	0
exploitation film 	0
a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	0
a vivid personality 	1
the fist is hilarious 	1
see this terrific film with your kids -- 	1
farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher 	1
the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . 	1
of creative belly laughs 	1
controversy 	0
needs to pull his head out of his butt 	0
it a step further , richer and deeper 	1
is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin 	1
's hardly watchable 	0
an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships 	1
not amused by the sick sense of humor 	0
are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 	1
this rich and luscious 	1
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , 	1
it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain 	1
the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks . 	1
needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? 	0
oftentimes funny 	1
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be 	0
seem to be surefire casting 	1
some intriguing characters 	1
winning family story 	1
a charming , banter-filled comedy ... 	1
alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 	1
as moronic as some campus 	0
ploddingly melodramatic structure 	0
works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era 	1
laugh as well . 	1
original and highly cerebral 	1
here seems to have recharged him . 	1
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it . 	1
an impeccable study 	1
see her esther blossom as an actress 	1
minority report '' astounds . 	1
by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 	0
not well-acted 	0
in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency 	1
, the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 	1
elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	1
wishy-washy . 	0
each other so intensely , but with restraint 	1
far more interesting 	1
rugrats 	1
, insight and humor 	1
and mind games 	1
unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema 	0
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement . 	1
love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots . 	0
his characters stage 	1
a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking 	1
while scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic 	1
was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson ... 	1
if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen 	0
is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . 	0
a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . ' 	1
keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots . 	0
you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation 	1
the psychology too textbook to intrigue 	0
, it 's pretty stupid . 	0
bravo for history 	1
is a winner . 	1
accepting him in the role 	1
of businesses 	1
is a dazzling conceptual feat 	1
, preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 	0
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and 	1
slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play 	1
( b ) 	1
which should appeal to women 	1
a nationwide blight 	0
effectively creepy-scary thriller 	1
brutally honest individual 	1
all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax 	1
breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes 	0
crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness . 	0
also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience 	1
more hackneyed elements 	0
is as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . 	0
the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair 	0
, in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . 	0
mesmerizing performance 	1
if you 're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . 	0
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle 	0
is more depressing than entertaining 	0
wrong reasons 	0
wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals . 	1
put in service 	1
to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor 	1
are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances . 	1
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not 	0
is sympathetic without being gullible 	1
a great and a terrible story 	1
negligible british comedy . 	0
sacrificing its high-minded appeal 	0
warm 	1
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts 	1
beautiful , aching sadness 	1
they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness . 	0
's compelling 	1
whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude 	0
simplistic , silly and tedious . 	0
who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little 	1
to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	0
as he was about inner consciousness 	1
ugly , pointless , stupid movie 	0
it 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . 	1
, amusing and unsettling 	1
rolling your eyes in the dark 	0
, stylized humor throughout 	1
no charm , 	0
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché 	0
if only merchant paid more attention the story . 	0
is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 	1
have its charms 	1
does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 	0
every punchline predictable 	0
no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract 	0
feral and uncomfortable . 	0
bogus 	0
are typical sandler fare 	0
plenty of fun for all 	1
of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 	1
a colorful , joyous celebration of life 	1
george 's haplessness 	0
loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience . 	1
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it . 	0
compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness 	1
a charismatic charmer 	1
on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness 	0
both the beauty 	1
the riveting performances 	1
bouncing bravado 	1
, no such thing is a fascinating little tale . 	1
should have been a painless time-killer 	0
a minimalist beauty 	1
it 's drab . 	0
an admirable reconstruction 	1
gifted performers 	1
so often end up on cinema screens 	1
the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness 	0
on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns 	1
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer 	1
romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going 	0
good action , good acting 	1
as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions 	0
frustratingly timid and soggy 	0
's real visual charge to the filmmaking 	1
have preceded it 	1
a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely 	1
because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget 	0
had a wonderful account to work from 	1
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely 	0
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness . 	0
a community-college advertisement 	0
asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives 	1
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely . 	1
a mischievous visual style 	1
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid . 	0
interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity . 	1
warmth 	1
behind bars 	1
the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story 	0
is notable for its sheer audacity and openness 	1
, steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 	0
this is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned . 	0
a bit exploitative but also nicely done 	1
the love 	1
more than merely a holocaust movie 	1
have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort 	0
was painful 	0
charismatic enough 	1
the trip there is a great deal of fun . 	1
manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust . 	1
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 	0
keeps throwing fastballs 	1
here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 	0
is that it does n't give a damn 	0
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an orc from a uruk-hai . 	1
walked out of runteldat 	0
keep watching the skies for his next project 	1
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow 	1
land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored . 	1
's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form 	1
want the story to go on and on 	1
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; 	0
woefully hackneyed 	0
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel 	1
re-fried 	0
worthy of the price of a ticket 	1
hope 	1
was just a matter of ` eh . ' 	0
carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . '' 	1
a better person 	1
one summer film that satisfies 	1
so unmemorable 	0
of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film 	1
's been done before 	0
its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude . 	1
bags 	0
have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot 	0
dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . 	0
at 18 or 80 	1
cuter 	1
the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it . 	0
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun . 	1
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer 	0
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement . 	0
very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut 	1
thinly-conceived 	0
vividly back 	1
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory . 	1
've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel . 	0
this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic . 	0
rewritten , and 	0
snow dogs finds its humor in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him 	0
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed . 	0
explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens 	0
near-fatal mistake 	0
complex and quirky , but entirely believable 	1
about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time 	1
be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made 	1
banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be 	0
the christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it 	0
more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions 	1
comes from the heart 	1
, funny and beautifully 	1
gone a tad less for grit and a lot more 	0
the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances 	0
is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt . 	1
a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 	0
slip into the modern rut of narrative banality 	0
alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale 	1
pretentious 	0
's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable 	1
fahrenheit 451 	1
allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced 	1
tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump 	0
telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug 	0
made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries 	1
the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy 	1
was utterly charming . 	1
outnumber the hits by three-to-one . 	0
of purpose 	1
i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson . 	1
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting . 	0
it 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison . 	0
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable 	1
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after ( seagal 's ) earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat . 	0
have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching 	1
is wondrously creative 	1
chance to learn , to grow , to travel 	1
kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script 	0
are quietly moving 	1
the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches . 	1
're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles 	0
down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow 	0
a bunch of other , better movies slapped together . 	0
stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 	0
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow . 	0
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness 	1
lousy guy ritchie imitation 	0
more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks . 	0
wheezy 	0
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up 	1
those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking . 	0
meditative and lyrical 	1
realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	0
in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react 	0
consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , 	1
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 	0
here are unintentional . 	0
have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma 	0
the immediate aftermath 	1
blockbusters 	1
blockbuster 	1
looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer 	0
intriguing subject 	1
to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay 	1
it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . 	1
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before 	1
that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 	0
something is rotten in the state of california 	0
are not to be dismissed 	1
grab us 	1
interesting work 	1
baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within . 	1
why it fails 	0
one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid 	0
that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	1
pretty moments 	1
the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama 	1
and unfunny tricks 	0
philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest 	1
credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson 	1
insignificant 	0
good inside dope 	1
receiving war department telegrams 	0
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters 	1
got something 	1
consciously dumbed-down approach 	0
rut 	0
has no teeth 	0
a very good time 	1
a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks 	0
that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september 	0
seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense 	1
trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge 	0
lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank 	0
sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before . 	1
tensions 	0
the grandeur 	1
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , 	0
both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 	1
dreaded 	0
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary 	0
yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film . 	1
be occupied for 72 minutes 	0
is often preachy 	0
very charming and funny movie 	1
a delightful surprise 	1
touching , small-scale story 	1
is twice as bestial but half as funny . 	0
a turkey 	0
beauty 	1
of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract 	0
debt miramax felt they owed to benigni 	1
the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves 	1
is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans . 	0
fragmented 	0
quirky drama 	1
's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work . 	0
money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	0
meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots 	0
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand 	1
some tasty grub 	1
resonant chord 	1
funnier . 	1
that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 	0
a lack 	0
gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along 	0
overripe episode 	0
a fun ride . 	1
is well-made 	1
, overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other 	0
believing it was just coincidence 	1
this region and its inhabitants 	1
c.h.o. cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . 	1
incompetent , incoherent or 	0
the ups and downs of friendships 	1
skillfully assembled , highly polished 	1
grownups 	1
the problematic script 	0
lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject 	1
deeply and rightly 	1
its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high 	1
nuances 	1
is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad 	0
i loved on first sight and , even more important 	1
it stinks 	0
an elegant visual sense 	1
sloppy plotting 	0
is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues 	1
noteworthy 	1
a thoughtful , reverent portrait 	1
who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest 	1
many insightful moments . 	1
undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality 	0
a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance 	1
able 	1
hate myself most mornings 	0
impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect 	1
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients 	1
a crisp psychological drama 	1
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending 	0
's quite fun in places . 	1
cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 	0
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and 	1
a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood 	1
a pretty good overall picture 	1
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that 	0
enveloping sounds 	1
only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny 	0
is a gem . 	1
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite 	0
in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth 	1
without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision 	1
heartwarmingly 	1
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life . 	1
it 's mission accomplished 	1
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . 	1
than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films 	0
that 's there to scare while we delight in the images 	1
bittersweet camaraderie and history 	1
all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor . 	0
he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic 	0
too many characters 	0
's something there 	1
inside righteousness 	1
wittier 	1
great yarn 	1
provocative stuff 	1
it gets the details of its time frame right 	1
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice . 	0
a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck 	1
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , 	0
suspend your disbelief here and now , 	0
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully 	1
sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept 	1
recommend it for its originality alone 	1
you 're in a slap-happy mood 	1
in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 	0
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere . 	0
but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	1
a commanding screen presence 	1
are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters 	1
like a masterpiece 	1
this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits . 	1
all plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out . 	1
the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed . 	1
angry potshots 	0
the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson 	1
rare documentary 	1
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register . 	0
unimaginative comedian 	0
some real vitality 	1
with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles 	1
( but none of the sheer lust ) 	0
glosses over rafael 's evolution 	0
especially with the weak payoff 	0
will have an intermittently good time . 	1
manages sweetness largely without stickiness 	1
is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 	1
an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game 	1
offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar 	0
courageous 	1
onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind 	1
put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes 	0
well-acted 	1
found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . 	1
... very funny , very enjoyable ... 	1
a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 	1
a beautiful canvas 	1
made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars 	0
good action , good acting , good dialogue , 	1
there 's plenty to offend everyone ... 	0
delightful entree 	1
so well 	1
plotless 	0
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors . 	1
to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed . 	0
surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . '' 	1
recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 	1
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well 	0
... the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with . 	1
creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . 	1
flat , flat dialogue 	0
no real narrative logic 	0
humorous . 	1
can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them 	1
put away the guitar , 	1
proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that 	0
's also pretty funny 	1
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear . 	0
is astounding on any number of levels 	1
stays there for the duration 	1
impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure 	0
a vivid , spicy footnote 	1
does n't leave you with much 	0
film ' in the worst sense of the expression 	0
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable . 	0
, high-adrenaline documentary . 	1
are gorgeous and finely detailed 	1
has succeeded beyond all expectation . 	1
has a rather unique approach to documentary 	1
be viewed as pure composition and form -- 	1
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout 	1
and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans 	1
at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken 	1
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once 	1
works its way up 	1
to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history 	1
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , 	1
an intriguing story 	1
meditative and 	1
villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . 	1
paid enough to sit through crap like this 	0
a film that has nothing 	0
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , 	0
none-too-funny commentary 	0
... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 	1
a high enough level 	1
rather tired 	0
has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else . 	0
go where we went 8 movies ago 	1
inane ramblings 	0
a dream 	1
both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations 	1
of terrific 	1
most of the distance 	0
stale first act , scrooge story , 	0
ignore 	0
the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths . 	1
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence 	0
he just slopped ` em together here 	0
vital comic ingredient 	1
a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage 	0
candy and cheeky 	1
a full experience , 	1
the same mistake 	0
two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema 	0
leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions 	0
a painful ride 	0
does n't drag an audience down 	1
an odd drama 	0
the storylines are woven together skilfully 	1
shimmering cinematography 	1
a rich and full life 	1
just plain 	0
is effective 	1
celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs 	0
continues to improve 	1
consistent emotional conviction 	1
a better thriller 	1
film a must for everyone from junior scientists 	1
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want . 	1
worst thing 	0
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller . 	1
the dialogue frequently misses the mark 	0
-- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- 	0
develop her own film language 	1
ignite sparks 	1
the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits 	0
, elusive , yet inexplicably 	1
's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly 	0
he 's just adjusting 	0
welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion 	1
poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting 	0
a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 	0
to visit , this laboratory of laughter 	1
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch . 	0
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i 	1
it 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits . 	1
every one ( and no one ) 	0
shoddy 	0
jealous 	0
are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed 	0
forgets to make it entertaining 	0
if also somewhat hermetic . 	1
all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment 	1
who are enthusiastic about something and then 	1
by-the-numbers yarn . 	0
this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition . 	0
, ( haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 	1
hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one 	0
amazement 	1
old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle 	1
admirable reconstruction 	1
notorious reputation 	0
you thought was going to be really awful 	0
legal battle 	0
crash-and-bash 	0
though clearly well-intentioned 	1
his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways 	0
walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . 	1
psychologically probing 	1
dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	0
is actually one of its strengths 	1
death and mind-numbing indifference 	0
of a big , tender hug 	1
itself -- as well its delightful cast -- 	1
it has definite weaknesses 	0
racial profiling hollywood style 	0
being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 	0
going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 	0
they spend years trying to comprehend it 	0
daring and 	1
this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 	1
that there is no rest period , no timeout 	0
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor 	1
way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore 	0
is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . 	1
everything is off . 	0
an eventual cult classic would be an understatement 	1
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast . 	1
rape and suspected murder 	1
can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 	1
is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . 	0
give it considerable punch 	1
dialogue , 30 seconds of plot 	0
hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie 	0
it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun 	0
the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers 	1
, it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . 	1
composed delivery 	1
visual style 	1
the real deal 	1
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh . 	1
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy . 	1
it ultimately delivers 	1
smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors 	1
`` bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ... 	1
shamefully 	0
confident 	1
, you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence . 	0
seems to want to be a character study , but apparently 	0
is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish 	1
most elusive 	1
a hugely enjoyable film 	1
is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 	1
reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 	1
he does display an original talent 	1
scream 	0
jovial 	1
may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours 	1
- worst of all - 	0
gentle , lapping rhythms of this film 	1
gets full mileage 	1
preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor 	1
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes . 	0
hollywood trap 	0
lumpen 	0
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising 	0
false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices 	0
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something . 	1
that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises 	0
is nonexistent . 	0
the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell 	1
apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 	0
performances 	1
illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey 	0
last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . 	1
following up a delightful , well-crafted family film 	1
better movie experience 	1
katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it . 	1
be an astronaut 	1
( a ) smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks . 	1
a gripping drama . 	1
slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale 	0
undeniably fascinating and playful fellow 	1
stand in future years as an eloquent memorial 	1
keep my attention 	1
should strike a nerve in many . 	1
the worst elements of all of them 	0
a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington 	1
seems to really care 	1
well acted by diane lane and richard gere . 	1
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed . 	1
... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story . 	0
childlike dimness 	0
terrific casting and 	1
the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 	1
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane 	1
hymn and a cruel story of youth culture 	0
eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot . 	0
wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery 	1
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing 	0
romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program . 	1
the unfulfilling 	0
has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness 	0
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and 	1
incorporates so much 	1
already-shallow 	0
we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 . 	1
as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times 	1
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring 	0
is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications 	0
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism 	1
to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity 	1
is corcuera 's attention to detail . 	1
has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise . 	0
onto a different path 	1
tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah 	0
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . 	0
large cast 	1
amounts of beautiful movement and inside information 	1
subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other 	0
a great cast 	1
such superficial treatment 	0
admirable storyteller 	1
ludicrous 	0
it celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . ' 	1
sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell 	0
deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone 	1
limitations 	0
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark 	1
meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics . 	1
the astute direction 	1
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché 	0
a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition 	0
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic . 	1
conservative christian parents 	1
has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . 	0
there 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease . 	0
ms. phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening . 	0
of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale 	0
of spectacular belly flops 	0
catapulting the artist 	1
by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime 	0
a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it 	1
on its way 	1
there 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance . 	1
beautiful , entertaining two hours 	1
the edge of your seat , tense with suspense 	1
it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome 	1
views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point . 	1
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations 	0
captivates and shows 	1
is horrible 	0
the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor 	0
increasingly disturbed 	0
is less about a superficial midlife crisis 	0
something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere 	1
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp . 	0
an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow 	1
paper thin 	0
that is gorgeously 	1
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works 	0
, the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son . 	1
sprightly 	1
it was worth your seven bucks 	1
that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category 	0
will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 	1
becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . '' 	0
it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	1
is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses 	1
lilo & stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen 	0
repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences 	0
it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish 	0
in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers 	1
has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores 	1
you 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy . 	0
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and 	1
this funny film 	1
devoid 	0
subtle direction 	0
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans 	1
when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air 	1
's probably not easy to make such a worthless film 	0
is hardly journalism at all 	0
gloriously unsubtle 	1
in its over-the-top way 	1
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller 	1
dies . 	0
quite fun in places 	1
much more successful translation 	1
a sentimental mess that never rings true 	0
the story and the actors are served with a hack script . 	0
, this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 	0
matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise 	0
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . 	0
is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 	0
's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet 	1
, i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 	1
the visual wit of the previous pictures 	1
these lives count 	1
the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about . 	0
he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals 	1
an attention 	1
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching . 	1
has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 	1
sometimes is a brilliant movie . 	1
affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 	1
rapt spell 	1
proves himself a deft pace master and stylist 	1
touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty 	1
, but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid . 	0
hands-on storytelling 	1
repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but 	1
eighties 	1
little room 	0
there is n't much to it . 	0
that it 's actually watchable 	1
dispassionate 	0
strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	0
in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 	0
good for this sucker 	1
wrapping the theater 	1
visual coming right 	1
halfwit 	0
but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell . 	1
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and 	1
gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done 	1
the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images 	1
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , 	1
a well-mounted history lesson 	1
works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance . 	1
a cliché left unsaid 	0
is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling . 	1
that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead 	0
's an energy to y tu mamá también . 	1
) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard 	0
, ( ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation . 	0
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but 	0
of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout 	1
lots of sloppiness 	0
any country 	0
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , 	1
what 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm . 	1
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered . 	0
gain the unconditional love she seeks 	0
an earnest moment 	1
female friendship , 	1
, at last count , numbered 52 different versions 	0
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling . 	1
gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés . 	0
from bill plympton , the animation master , 	1
the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances 	1
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this 	0
friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans . 	0
rouses us 	1
the adjective ` gentle ' 	1
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on . 	0
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional . 	0
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 	1
explosive physical energy 	1
jovial air 	1
urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte 	0
cleverly written 	1
infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 	1
is as consistently engaging as it is revealing . 	1
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller 	1
screen magic 	1
deathly 	0
liked about schmidt a lot 	1
a sensitive and astute 	1
shooting 	0
may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 	0
an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence 	0
on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere 	0
love and culture 	1
confusing melange 	0
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension . 	0
a golden book sprung to life 	1
is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 	1
been given a part worthy of her considerable talents 	1
recommend the film 	1
weighted down with slow 	0
twisted , brilliant and macabre 	1
his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality 	1
impish 	0
good job 	1
, you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine . 	0
falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film 	0
delicate coming-of-age tale 	1
animal 	1
could be a single iota worse ... 	0
like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy 	1
charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle 	0
compassion , sacrifice , 	1
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it 	0
ideas and special-interest groups 	1
is n't as sharp or as fresh 	0
is delicately 	1
frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! '' 	1
make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable 	1
gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior . 	1
a strong and confident work 	1
in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	0
largely flat and uncreative 	0
of almost perpetually wasted characters 	0
a tearjerker 	1
does all of this , and more 	1
surprise family 	1
demeaning its subjects 	0
raw-nerved story 	1
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . ' 	1
i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance . 	1
excited 	1
that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances 	1
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and 	1
, paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work . 	1
a slam-dunk 	1
does n't really add up to much 	0
wiseman is patient 	1
improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end 	1
putting together any movies of particular value or merit 	1
bang your head on the seat in front of you , 	0
i was beginning to hate it 	0
cultural and personal self-discovery 	1
to be ignored 	0
a solidly entertaining little film 	1
about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex 	1
he 's already done way too often 	0
is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	0
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny . 	1
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative 	1
bisset 	1
witty , vibrant , and intelligent 	1
opera-ish dialogue 	0
cheapo 	0
jagged camera moves 	0
an absurdly simplistic picture 	0
girls , who learns that believing in something does matter 	1
it 's not original enough . 	0
lina 	1
contemptible imitator 	0
no amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glory days 	0
from the writing and direction to the soggy performances 	0
country 	1
cinematography and exhilarating 	1
bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters . 	1
disastrous ending 	0
vibrant introduction 	1
a critical and commercial disaster 	0
mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , 	0
benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- 	1
major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee 	0
tremendous skill 	1
, the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 	1
straightforward and strikingly devious 	1
far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid 	0
help but engage an audience 	1
one of the greatest films 	1
makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison 	0
crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment 	0
this is a movie you can trust . 	1
nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book 	1
sustain a good simmer for most of its running time 	1
you 'll probably love it . 	1
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking 	1
pompous references 	0
be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest 	0
ambitious comic escapade 	1
has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie 	1
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , 	0
partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless . 	0
replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around 	1
remain interested , or at least conscious 	0
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest . 	1
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain 	1
if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	0
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh . 	0
it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller 	1
worthwhile glimpse 	1
of enthralling drama 	1
begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times 	1
insufficiently cathartic 	0
that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it 	0
is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . 	0
, frightening war scenes 	0
does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this 	0
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? 	1
a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story 	0
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry . 	1
is nearly incoherent , 	0
feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . 	0
to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster 	0
super 	1
enough 	0
a thriller , 	1
, even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 	1
has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil . 	1
a movie full of grace 	1
all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut 	1
sloppy 	0
too boring and obvious 	0
truly egregious lip-non-synching 	0
own floundering way 	0
join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love 	1
deliver a few gut-busting laughs 	1
has a great cast and a great idea 	1
a flair for dialogue comedy 	1
definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . ' 	1
touching as the son 's room 	1
lacks balance ... 	0
you still have to see this ! 	1
it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own 	0
zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special 	1
that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up 	0
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is . 	1
animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool 	1
new , or inventive , 	1
two-dimensional and pointless 	0
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises 	0
by corrupt and hedonistic weasels 	0
renewal 	1
is suitably elegant 	1
been a confusing and horrifying vision 	0
superstar 	1
with very little story or character 	0
presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet . 	1
is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann 	1
woody , what happened ? 	0
was n't one of the film 's virtues 	0
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up . 	1
work -- is charming , is moving 	1
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork . 	0
use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 	1
to the phrase ` fatal script error 	0
pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie 	0
life , 	1
, and better 	1
i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops 	0
full circle 	1
honesty 	1
sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb . 	0
this wild welsh whimsy 	1
jaw-dropping 	1
goose things up 	1
delightful , if minor , pastry 	1
recommend it enough 	1
a rare window on an artistic collaboration 	1
be able to find better entertainment 	0
you have to pay if you want to see it 	1
could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident 	1
in a sea of visual and verbal clichés 	0
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt 	1
dignified 	1
loneliness and insecurity 	0
definitely worth 95 minutes 	1
leaves us laughing 	1
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 	1
pretty well 	1
completely familiar 	1
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other john woo flick for that matter 	0
was botched in execution 	0
a witty , whimsical feature debut . 	1
recommend big bad love 	1
tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 	0
vastly improved germanic version 	1
( unintentionally ) funniest moments 	1
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . 	0
a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill 	1
unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 	0
it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . 	0
seem irritatingly transparent 	0
this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten . 	1
finely cut diamond 	1
slick production values and 	1
although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 	1
( reno ) delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . 	1
its own languorous charm 	1
, it still works . 	1
is disappointingly generic . 	0
though their story is predictable 	0
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but 	1
positive ( if tragic ) 	1
paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here 	1
is n't much better 	0
presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men 	1
as possibly the best actor working in movies today 	1
boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival . 	1
though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation . 	0
but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : 	0
refreshingly realistic , affectation-free 	1
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant 	1
love for the movies of the 1960s 	1
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick 	0
'm not 	1
as simultaneously funny , offbeat and 	1
cgi effects 	1
really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . ' 	1
kissing 	1
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to 	0
, thoroughly involving 	1
compelling coming-of-age drama 	1
as director of the escort service was inspired 	1
too convenient 	0
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	0
toolbags 	0
happy ! 	1
bad idea 	0
's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni 	0
is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 	1
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . 	0
in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	0
resolutely unamusing , 	0
a lovely and beautifully 	1
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances 	1
fast and funny , 	1
that 's lived too long 	0
heart-string plucking 	1
a dreadful day 	0
a movie where story is almost an afterthought 	0
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably 	1
inescapable past and uncertain future 	0
that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion 	1
true emotions 	1
exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation . 	1
is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt 	1
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals . 	1
finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson 	1
flick worthy 	1
spectacularly well 	1
good b movies 	1
an appealing blend 	1
possesses its own languorous charm . 	1
wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too 	1
are both listless 	0
pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over 	0
personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral 	0
a work of entertainment 	1
to ultimately disappoint the action 	0
is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	1
vincent became more and more abhorrent 	0
frustrated 	0
that makes michael jordan jealous 	0
inexcusable dumb 	0
thrown-together feel 	0
succeed merrily at their noble endeavor 	1
the outer limits of raunch 	0
in the wrong hands , i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable 	0
austin powers films 	1
she does little here but point at things that explode into flame 	0
wearisome 	0
saddled 	0
for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance 	0
their heroic capacity 	1
play hannibal lecter 	1
punishable by chainsaw 	0
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast . 	0
visually stunning 	1
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama 	0
's worse 	0
an enormous feeling 	1
fast , funny , and even touching story 	1
first place 	1
gentle and humane 	1
seriously dumb characters 	0
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , 	0
it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative 	1
a genuine mind-bender . 	1
overlong and not well-acted , 	0
storytelling prowess 	1
its elbows sticking out where the knees should be 	0
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 	1
of the most inventive 	1
love a joy 	1
a terrific b movie 	1
cho 's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots . 	1
as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances 	1
it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy 	1
pg-13 	1
its recycled aspects , implausibility 	0
is presented with universal appeal 	1
pander to our basest desires 	1
, its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . 	0
was reportedly rewritten a dozen times 	0
our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions 	1
no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half . 	0
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent 	1
it 's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud . 	0
is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . 	1
the very hollowness 	0
to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic 	1
be fruitful 	1
does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal . 	0
a solid emotional impact 	1
moving moments and an intelligent subtlety 	1
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore . 	0
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet . 	0
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe . 	1
remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck 	1
even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks 	0
is the piece works brilliantly 	1
is one of the year 's best films 	1
tradition and warmth 	1
goes for sick and demented humor simply 	0
broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	0
` hungry-man portions of bad ' 	0
smart , 	1
tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic 	0
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess . 	0
as bad at a fraction the budget 	0
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why . 	1
some cute moments , funny scenes , 	1
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot . 	0
had from films crammed with movie references 	1
philosophical visual coming right 	1
that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed 	0
a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and 	0
at least three films 	1
in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . 	0
saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops 	0
mean-spirited lashing 	0
more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display 	0
may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . '' 	0
delightfully dour 	1
in a sense , that 's a liability . 	0
be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 	1
elaborate special effects take center screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side . 	1
be an honest and loving one 	1
endearing about it 	1
into a dreary , humorless soap opera 	0
who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) 	1
in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love 	1
a term paper 	0
but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense 	1
a magnetic performance 	1
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 	1
the most wondrous love story 	1
journalistic or historical 	1
a zombie movie in every sense 	0
tackled a meaty subject 	1
writer / director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable . 	1
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- 	1
seems like someone going through the motions 	0
you take for granted in most films are mishandled here . 	0
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' . 	1
's defiantly and delightfully against the grain . 	1
like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough 	1
been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over 	1
spain 	1
as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 	1
my precious new star wars movie 	1
the visceral sensation 	1
in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	1
most colorful and controversial 	1
is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same . 	1
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . 	1
the ordeal of sitting through it 	0
hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book . 	0
desperately 	0
wrong with performances here 	0
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time . 	0
the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless 	0
the audacity to view one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion . 	0
a fun , no-frills ride 	1
running on empty 	0
the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking 	1
to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier 	1
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' 	1
becomes a bit of a mishmash 	0
a mesmerizing one 	1
as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- 	0
it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 	1
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ... 	1
a good documentary 	1
full-bodied characterizations 	1
but fun 	1
there 's no reason to miss interview with the assassin 	1
splendid-looking 	1
major acting lessons and 	0
hastily and 	0
does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences 	0
time frame right 	1
, incoherent 	0
has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 	1
b-movie 	0
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , 	0
this enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends . 	1
is just garbage . 	0
jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations 	0
an extraordinary film , 	1
traffic 	1
undernourished and 	0
an otherwise excellent film 	1
this insane 	0
rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance 	0
star charisma 	1
will have a barrie good time 	1
liked a lot of the smaller scenes . 	1
a terrible movie that some people 	0
's fun , wispy 	1
there 's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies . 	0
davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 	1
reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully 	1
to enjoy 	1
most deceptively amusing comedies of the year 	1
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 	0
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 	0
a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship 	0
sink into melancholia 	0
a smart 	1
seems to be coasting . 	0
this colorful bio-pic 	1
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless 	1
lying 	0
if you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us . 	0
a sleep-inducing thriller 	0
, marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances . 	1
wildly fascinating 	1
shapeless 	0
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different 	1
it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life 	1
imaginative and successful 	1
the star-making machinery 	1
of the world 's most fascinating stories 	1
deafening 	0
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , 	1
four hankies 	1
feeling like no other film in recent history 	1
grievous 	0
symbiotic 	1
wo n't be disappointed . 	1
of the rollicking dark humor so necessary 	1
the death 	0
a good thing 	1
, it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 	1
the pure adrenalin 	1
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down . 	0
genuinely funny 	1
the comedy was funny 	1
... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material . 	0
take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them 	1
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one . 	1
... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning . 	0
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special 	0
most daring , and complicated 	1
one has nothing else to watch 	0
not scary , not smart and not engaging 	0
spirit-crushing ennui 	0
adultery 	0
some of the most inventive 	1
poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 	0
carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others . 	1
evil , monstrous lunatic 	0
nothing special and , until the final act , 	0
a new , or inventive , journey 	1
seem smart and well-crafted 	1
fires on all plasma conduits 	1
in `` unfaithful 	0
the most repugnant adaptation 	0
agile performers 	1
( cho 's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots . 	1
does dickens as it should be done cinematically 	1
becomes a testament 	1
desiccated 	0
by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut 	0
he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating 	0
well-made evocation 	1
you must shoot it in the head 	0
has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 	1
look american angst in the eye and end up laughing 	1
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot . 	0
of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x. 	1
can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 	0
a dull moment 	0
uncommitted 	0
is still charming here . 	1
has never been more charming than in about a boy . 	1
offer much more than the series 	1
bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 	0
a knowing 	1
'' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ... 	1
repeating what he 's already done way too often 	0
authentic feel 	1
absolutely 	1
barely interesting 	0
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable 	0
pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous . 	1
your face for two hours 	0
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on 	0
touches smartly and wistfully 	1
honesty and 	1
it 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . 	0
cluelessness 	0
call the ` wow ' factor 	1
astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one . 	1
faltering 	0
in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 	1
that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done 	1
powerful act 	1
any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . 	0
a grating endurance test 	0
the film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots . 	1
maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling . 	1
heavyweight film 	1
's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . 	0
a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation 	1
with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance 	1
the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing 	0
with lots of sloppiness 	0
of his passe ' chopsocky glory 	0
sheer unbridled delight 	1
for on-screen chemistry 	1
mass drug-induced bowel 	0
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly . 	0
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending . 	1
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma 	0
its underventilated père-fils confrontations 	0
's a rare window on an artistic collaboration 	1
greenlight 	1
'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point 	0
according to wendigo , ` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . 	1
salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon . 	1
julia roberts wannabe 	0
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but 	0
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 	1
the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie 	1
petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and 	1
'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... 	0
has been overexposed , 	0
that he will once again be an honest and loving one 	1
is an interesting character 	1
keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . 	1
so intensely , but with restraint 	1
yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction 	0
the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	0
has an infectious enthusiasm 	1
succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful 	0
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) 	1
clever , offbeat and 	1
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them 	1
is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm 	1
have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 	0
with poetic force and buoyant feeling 	1
most entertaining bonds 	1
expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school 	0
sane person 	1
marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances 	1
a goofy pleasure 	1
compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction 	0
penetrating , 	1
a delightful lark 	1
while the highly predictable narrative falls short 	0
multilayered 	1
's fun for kids of any age 	1
welcome and heartwarming addition 	1
right-wing , propriety-obsessed family 	0
pc stability notwithstanding 	0
of moral compromise 	1
you have no affinity for most of the characters . 	0
enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games 	1
occasional jarring glimpses 	1
will find it more than capable of rewarding them 	1
all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness . 	0
the discomfort and embarrassment 	0
the horrible pains of a death 	0
most notable 	1
under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun 	1
bad luck 	0
's fun 	1
feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place . 	0
that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 	0
both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace 	1
big , juicy role 	1
loneliest dark spots 	0
-- as well its delightful cast -- 	1
inspire 	1
delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower . 	1
run out of gas 	0
has kind of an authentic feel 	1
to much more than trite observations on the human condition 	0
is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 	0
a predictable outcome and a screenplay 	0
kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . 	1
, blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest . 	1
believed in their small-budget film 	1
this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller 	1
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 	0
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . 	0
are too crude to serve the work especially well 	0
's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles 	1
energetic frontman 	1
so sloppily written 	0
sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form 	1
as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences 	1
without placing their parents in a coma-like state 	1
from a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times . 	1
bring cohesion 	1
that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati 	1
such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many 	1
discreet filmmakers 	1
chilling movie 	1
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 	0
its good qualities are obscured 	0
, the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 	1
this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 	1
completely loveable 	1
vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess 	1
in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller 	1
: the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 	0
after decades 	1
much credit 	1
tv sitcom material at best 	0
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , 	0
never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks 	1
shrill and 	0
has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past 	0
an inexperienced director , 	0
at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes 	1
keep you watching , 	1
what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in 	1
a lousy one at that 	0
does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration 	0
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , 	0
refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm 	1
for its profound humanity 	1
as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming 	1
but the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . 	0
refusal to recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map 	0
the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness 	0
, every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 	1
are just two of the elements that will grab you . 	1
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair 	1
heartfelt and hilarious 	1
you reach the finale 	1
easily marketable 	1
if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans . 	1
churn out one mediocre movie 	0
overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary . 	1
reading lines from a teleprompter 	0
this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , despite a few whopping shootouts . 	0
its oscar nomination 	1
characteristically engorged 	1
the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody . 	0
's fun , wispy , 	1
for all its problems ... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience . 	1
replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy 	0
complex and honest 	1
uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave 	1
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels . 	1
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... 	0
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything 	0
dumb comedy 	0
there 's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is 	1
drudgery 	0
stripped almost entirely 	0
despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 	1
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest 	1
rowdy slapstick 	1
that rarity among sequels 	1
torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera 	0
the film , flaws and 	0
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : 	0
is marveilleux . 	1
cheered at just that 	1
have n't laughed that hard in years ! 	1
it has considerable charm . 	1
a work of deft and subtle poetry 	1
there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film 	0
integrating the characters in the foreground 	1
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life . 	0
as the movie sputters 	0
embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy 	0
manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience 	1
hit-man 	0
an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 	0
approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise 	0
is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you 	0
is like being trapped at a bad rock concert 	0
the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	1
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare 	1
a so-called ` comedy ' 	0
life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable 	1
supposed to be a romantic comedy 	0
living mug shots 	0
for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm 	0
have carved their own comfortable niche in the world 	1
first-class road movie 	1
collective 	1
an electric pencil sharpener 	1
loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion 	0
wonderful but sometimes confusing 	1
if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it . 	0
nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them 	0
of mindless pace in collision 	0
be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this 	1
the effort is sincere 	1
is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be . 	0
the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career 	0
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making 	0
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork . 	0
deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip 	1
tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . 	1
feels free to offend 	0
fresh point 	1
a coming-of-age story and 	1
disgracefully 	0
considerable punch 	1
stately sense 	1
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and 	1
sweet , funny 	1
because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl 	0
's so downbeat and nearly humorless 	0
is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . 	1
sexy and romantic . 	1
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , 	0
's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle 	0
bring their characters to life . 	1
cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement . 	1
quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls 	0
the bigger setpieces flat 	0
to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career 	0
cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists . 	1
need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is . 	0
a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties 	1
witty updatings ( silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around ) 	1
adroit 	1
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless . 	1
's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue 	0
the national lampoon film franchise 	1
's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do 	1
would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful 	0
match the ordeal of sitting through it 	0
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) 	0
fit 	1
thoughtless , random , superficial humor and a lot 	0
cheapened the artistry of making a film 	0
will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 	1
cliches , painful improbability 	0
farm melodrama . 	0
) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated 	0
striking about jolie 's performance 	1
waiting for godard can be fruitful : ` in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself . 	1
bullock 's memorable first interrogation 	1
music videos 	1
unique and 	1
turn out to be delightfully compatible here 	1
action and 	1
all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . 	1
its old-hat set-up and predictable plot 	0
that is both gripping and compelling 	1
clever , 	1
veteran 	1
tired , 	0
is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast 	0
no rest period , 	0
was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him 	0
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence 	1
scratching your head 	0
to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once 	0
a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity 	0
all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 	1
of the biggest disappointments of the year 	0
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one 	0
a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller 	1
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent 	1
no charm , no laughs , no fun 	0
is all over the place , really 	0
a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him 	0
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be . 	0
pow 	1
what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 	0
thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery 	1
( and better 	1
a fascinating , dark thriller 	1
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile . 	1
still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 	1
big summer movies 	1
historically significant , and personal , episode 	1
has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies 	1
demeaning 	0
had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded 	0
's simultaneously painful and refreshing 	1
bottomlessly 	0
's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 	0
effortlessly 	1
quirky movie 	1
a very good time at the cinema 	1
this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years 	1
real magic 	1
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and 	0
, the film does pack some serious suspense . 	1
after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock 	0
is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , 	0
this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming 	1
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama . 	1
... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ... 	0
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year 	0
supposedly funny movie 	0
in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium 	1
recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time 	1
` life affirming ' 	1
is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 	0
masochistic moviegoers 	0
that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	0
, and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending 	0
easily dismissive 	0
mind crappy movies 	0
is n't always coherent 	0
whose charms are immediately apparent 	1
hackneyed and meanspirited storyline 	0
penetrating , impenetrable 	1
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy . 	1
add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . 	1
's good-natured and sometimes quite funny 	1
a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music 	1
offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . 	1
clever and subtle 	1
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design 	1
understand everyone 's point of view 	1
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but 	1
through this film 	1
imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie 	0
mindless action movie 	0
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult 	0
quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins 	0
the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament 	0
even as it points out how inseparable the two are 	1
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- 	1
the big shear 	1
( swimfan ) falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting . 	0
the film buzz and whir 	1
there 's something there 	1
've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane 	1
comic skill 	1
idiots 	0
transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor 	1
frantic than involving , 	0
big fat liar is a real charmer 	1
manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 	0
she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here 	1
a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils 	1
a crowd-pleaser , but then , so 	1
subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph 	0
breathtaking adventure 	1
photographed and beautifully 	1
fantastically vital 	1
sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light . 	0
while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 	0
its storytelling prowess and special effects 	1
idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 	0
slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms 	1
a grand picture of an era 	1
love , family and 	1
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and 	1
pleasantly and predictably 	1
interesting '' 	1
driven by the pathetic idea 	0
spreads them pretty thin 	0
it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights 	1
loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version 	1
sweet , charming tale 	1
little action , 	0
emotionally belittle a cinema classic . 	0
real-life happening 	1
found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent . 	0
a spectacular performance - ahem 	1
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety . 	0
as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . 	1
dedicated artists 	1
unengaging 	0
blimp 	0
as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself 	0
it 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth . 	1
the best case for christianity 	1
pinochet 's victims 	0
is lightweight filmmaking , 	0
flatula 	0
omnibus tradition 	1
extremely talented 	1
seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame 	0
clueless and 	0
a good three days 	1
wonderful fencing scenes 	1
even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series . 	0
patronizing 	0
only one of the best gay love stories ever made 	1
who ca n't quite live up to it 	0
a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix 	0
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life . 	1
sanctimonious 	0
impossibly 	0
is an absolute delight for all audiences 	1
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation . 	1
fairly straightforward 	1
... had this much imagination and nerve 	1
wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too . 	1
undeniably gorgeous , terminally 	1
gentle and humane side 	1
sad to say -- 	0
does n't quite 	0
phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism 	0
not very amusing 	0
another day of brit cinema 	0
of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness 	1
even more reassuring 	1
the result is more puzzling than unsettling 	0
fails to provoke them 	0
the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 	1
the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section 	0
comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable 	1
leaps over national boundaries 	1
in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic 	1
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right 	1
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness . 	0
shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , 	1
you 're not deeply touched by this movie 	0
who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 	0
greasy little vidgame pit 	0
kilt-wearing jackson 	0
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility 	1
of its actors 	1
steals 	0
truths emerge . 	1
as dumb and cheesy 	0
all the more compelling 	1
to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 	1
hollow 	0
pitch-perfect acting 	1
its characters and its audience 	1
mind : so why is this so boring ? 	0
its empowerment 	1
a bland murder-on-campus yawner . 	0
pray has really done his subject justice . 	1
warn 	0
odd but ultimately satisfying blend 	1
major-league 	1
light , silly , photographed with color and depth , and rather a good time . 	1
quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks . 	1
a bright future ahead of him 	1
to which it succeeds 	1
craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison 	0
painfully unfunny 	0
come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy 	1
feels limited by its short running time 	0
's just not very smart 	0
8 crazy nights 	1
needlessly confusing 	0
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities 	0
the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent 	0
treads old turf 	0
a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more . 	1
one of the finest 	1
made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby 	0
's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience 	1
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need 	1
innovative 	1
film a must 	1
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids . 	1
more spirit and bite 	1
passionate enthusiasms 	1
enlightened by any of derrida 's 	1
this poor remake of such a well loved classic 	0
to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 	0
a terrifically entertaining specimen 	1
are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary . 	0
an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned 	0
most famous 	1
's easy to love robin tunney 	1
most pitiful 	0
vastly entertaining 	1
its mind 	1
dislikable study in sociopathy 	0
give strong and convincing performances 	1
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given 	0
its star 	1
perhaps the grossest movie ever made . 	0
but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again . 	1
as bad as you think , 	0
the resolutions 	0
feels less like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy than a half-hearted fluke . 	0
reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls . 	1
clever and unflinching 	1
be the movie you 're looking for 	1
its gender politics , genre thrills 	1
a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams 	1
work up 	1
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 	0
accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . 	0
take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters . 	0
little gem 	1
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , 	0
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces 	0
a mystery devoid 	0
crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album 	0
are reflected in almost every scene . 	1
it 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids . 	1
you 'll forget about it by monday , though 	0
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness . 	0
a listless and desultory affair 	0
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous 	0
it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever 	1
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . 	0
a bottom-feeder sequel 	0
run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and 	0
is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham 	1
... has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity . 	0
could restage the whole thing in your bathtub . 	0
essentially awkward version 	0
was reading the minds of the audience 	1
the rare movie 	1
, it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar . 	0
episodic choppiness 	0
reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels 	0
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema 	1
as anything much more 	1
it is a copy of a copy of a copy 	0
enjoys the friday series 	1
undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts 	0
one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live 	1
the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 	1
haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 	1
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but 	0
is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 	1
supremely kittenish 	1
anemic 	0
the end result does no justice to the story itself 	0
any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . 	0
do n't avert our eyes for a moment . 	1
give life 	1
less charming than listening to a four-year-old 	0
cohesive story 	1
movie-star intensity 	1
to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 	1
nagging 	0
an intellectual exercise 	1
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title 	1
a place in your heart 	1
a devastating comic impersonation 	0
that will capture the minds and hearts of many 	1
a potent chemistry 	1
the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers 	1
a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing 	0
the sad schlock merchant 	0
a disastrous ending 	0
a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life . 	1
the source material movie 	1
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting 	1
a riveting story 	1
, entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment 	1
is why film criticism can be considered work 	0
slickest 	1
of dreck 	0
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics . 	1
attempts to mine laughs 	0
lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . 	0
positively 	1
a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out 	1
highly watchable stuff . 	1
that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny 	0
mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . 	0
witless , 	0
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party . 	0
's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative . 	1
brazenly misguided project 	0
it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 	0
take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time 	0
unifying rhythm 	1
refreshingly realistic 	1
may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	1
an entertaining british hybrid 	1
that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time 	0
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement . 	0
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling . 	1
she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion 	1
forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions 	0
dreadfully 	0
metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles 	1
seem deceptively slight 	0
the guys still feels counterproductive 	0
life , hand gestures , 	1
for people who make movies and watch them 	1
the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed 	0
splatter 	0
of the year 's best 	1
bravado kathy ! 	1
is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief 	1
shenanigans and slapstick 	1
not much else 	0
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life . 	0
best didacticism 	1
whipping out the dirty words 	0
's a scorcher . 	1
really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons 	1
above much of the director 's previous popcorn work 	1
the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess . 	1
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled 	0
, i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . 	0
misanthropic 	0
a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier 	1
by a bravura performance 	1
permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations 	0
arty and jazzy 	1
original is its content , look , and style 	1
, son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . '' 	0
is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** 	0
in ireland over a man 	1
that he refuses to evaluate his own work 	0
pity anyone who sees this 	0
building to a laugh riot 	1
is a copy of a copy of a copy 	0
predictably soulless techno-tripe . 	0
peevish and 	0
so sloppy , so uneven , 	0
should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike . 	1
the best script that besson has written in years 	1
dismiss -- moody , 	0
problem 	0
that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy 	0
a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style 	1
may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream 	0
up walking out not only satisfied but 	1
like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump 	0
got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease 	0
i could just skip it 	0
sixties-style slickness 	1
to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle 	0
you can taste it , but there 's no fizz 	0
( stevens is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits . 	0
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy 	1
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes 	1
of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes 	1
kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters 	1
like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before 	1
clever dialogue and likeable characters 	1
to entertain or inspire its viewers 	1
of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 	1
to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations 	0
do n't really care too much about this love story 	0
, some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . 	0
all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but 	0
worst -- and only -- 	0
the toughest ages a kid can go through 	0
will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever 	1
spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences . 	1
passion and pretence 	1
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency . 	1
a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you 	1
italian pinocchio 	1
freaky friday , '' it 's not . 	0
... may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 	0
yielded such a flat , plodding picture 	0
barely shocking , 	0
takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel 	1
critical and commercial disaster 	0
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us 	1
that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable 	1
an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so 	0
you get back to your car in the parking lot 	0
is thought-provoking 	1
smart , funny 	1
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 	0
marks to take on any life of its own 	0
feral and uncomfortable 	0
all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new . 	0
's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships 	1
comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors . 	1
uneven but a lot of fun . 	1
how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time 	0
, what makes the movie fresh 	1
there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out . 	1
guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) 	0
astonishing is n't the word -- 	1
its recycled aspects , implausibility , and 	0
a stiff 	0
at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles 	1
really a true 	1
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture . 	1
filled with raw emotions 	1
can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell . 	0
preserving 	1
does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 	0
inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just 	1
compassionately portrayed 	1
satisfying conclusions 	1
is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . 	0
, it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . 	1
is essentially juiceless . 	0
is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power 	1
founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . 	0
a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other 	0
skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen . 	0
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so 	0
bad , bad , bad movie 	0
have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered 	0
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation . 	0
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , 	1
with music and laughter 	1
overmanipulative hollywood practices 	0
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves 	1
distinguished and 	1
with such fury 	0
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor . 	0
herzog simply runs out of ideas 	0
drama . 	1
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and 	0
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting . 	0
naturally funny film 	1
should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 	0
is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . 	1
ugly ideas 	0
's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy . 	1
you were n't invited to the party 	0
animated thoughts 	1
ambiguities that make it well worth watching 	1
flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . 	0
distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies 	1
cool 	1
it 's hard not to be carried away 	1
be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film 	1
surprisingly charming and even witty 	1
grotesque 	0
almost humdrum approach 	0
in an intricate plot 	1
both heartbreaking and heartwarming 	1
victims 	0
its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future 	1
even more important 	1
big splash 	1
is truly funny , 	1
surrender $ 9 	0
full of detail 	1
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero 	0
is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny . 	0
some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences 	1
nothing else happening 	0
manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	1
this well-meaning , beautifully produced film 	1
be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow 	1
is still worth hearing . 	1
preaching message 	0
be familiar 	1
martin is a masterfully conducted work . 	1
to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama 	0
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , 	0
romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in . 	0
is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . 	1
by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline 	1
, artificial and opaque 	0
paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	1
of honest working folk 	1
shameless 	0
will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . ' 	0
more psychotic than romantic 	0
solid action pic 	1
that it is instead a cheap cliché 	0
humorous and heartfelt 	1
that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy 	0
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and 	1
cute factor 	1
that this likable movie is n't more accomplished 	1
the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke 	1
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself 	1
masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad . 	0
liberating ability 	1
trademark grin 	1
and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated 	0
a soulful , incisive meditation 	1
soars every bit as high 	1
the genuine ones barely register 	0
accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough 	1
its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick 	1
misconceived 	0
are the greatest musicians of all time 	1
of the long list of renegade-cop tales 	0
powerful and moving 	1
classic cinema served up with heart and humor 	1
the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 	0
makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 	1
would be a welcome improvement 	1
extra-large cotton candy 	1
alternative housing options 	1
throbbing sincerity 	1
like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish . 	1
of stupefying absurdity 	0
fetishistic violence 	0
but boilerplate clichés 	0
a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric ` scream . ' 	0
green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment 	0
but dull and ankle-deep 	0
good sources , 	1
profane 	0
hollywood satire 	1
left me 	0
is why i have given it a one-star rating . 	0
as it is flawed 	0
an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes 	1
a summer-camp talent show : hastily written 	0
a derivative collection 	0
fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and 	1
is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos 	1
's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast 	1
will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . 	0
social and political potential 	1
this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful 	0
there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys 	1
a poem of art , music and metaphor 	1
when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned 	1
, he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . 	0
freshness , imagination and insight 	1
it is disposable . 	0
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , 	1
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent . 	0
to make a classic theater piece 	1
have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted . 	1
irresistibly than in ` baran 	1
you snore 	0
is , also , frequently hilarious 	1
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers . 	1
you feel what they feel 	1
the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 	0
poignant 	1
come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated 	1
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats . 	1
so many talented people could participate in such an 	1
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , 	1
, proves it 's never too late to learn . 	1
arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us . 	1
in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	1
is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours 	0
fascinate me 	1
, `` mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless . 	1
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and 	0
`` one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? '' 	0
, most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . 	1
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story 	1
like real life 	1
promises 	1
a buoyant delivery 	1
regret , love , duty and friendship 	1
a low-rent retread 	0
overstylized 	0
must indeed 	1
embarrassment . 	0
b + 	1
a string of exotic locales 	1
lurks just below the proceedings and 	0
disturbance 	0
-- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- 	1
look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage 	1
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . 	0
it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end 	1
apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . 	1
with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor 	1
capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances 	1
the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent 	1
redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot 	0
treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 	1
madonna 's 	0
just how bad it was 	0
i just did n't care 	0
most beautiful , evocative 	1
they 're struggling to create . 	0
that 's best served cold 	1
plummets 	0
keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films 	1
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold . 	1
has a great cast and a great idea . 	1
whatever 	0
make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 	0
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... 	0
untalented artistes 	0
self-inflicted retaliation 	0
silly rather than plausible 	0
bad at it is cruel 	0
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock . 	1
's leaden and predictable 	0
clever credits roll 	1
, serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm . 	1
travesty 	0
of the best movies of the year 	1
the talents of its attractive young leads 	1
welcome , if downbeat , missive 	1
plenty of nudity 	1
has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor 	1
marveilleux 	1
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender 	0
the layered richness 	1
adrenaline jolt 	1
builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy . 	1
seen or heard anything quite like this film 	1
intimate feeling 	1
moments of inspired humor 	1
is more complex and honest 	1
know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	1
tears 	0
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea 	1
fun-for-fun 	1
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable . 	1
wildly popular vin diesel 	1
remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating 	0
greatness 	1
that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	1
deliciously slow . 	1
into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games 	1
takes you by the face 	1
anyone who loves both dance and cinema 	1
catastrophic collision 	0
nair does n't treat the issues lightly . 	1
covers this territory with wit and originality , 	1
when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant 	0
seem smug and cartoonish 	0
good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) 	1
can easily worm its way into your heart 	1
marquis 	1
a minor-league soccer remake 	0
studio hack 	0
the most high-concept sci fi adventures 	1
is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression . 	1
deceit and murder 	0
polished and 	1
writer-director david jacobson and 	1
becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't . 	0
the folks who prepare 	1
it is entertaining on an inferior level . 	0
silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller 	1
contempt 	0
uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life 	1
as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it 	0
go see this delightful comedy 	1
a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema 	1
if it 's not entirely memorable 	0
traffics in tired stereotypes 	0
crack cast 	1
no chemistry 	0
wondrously 	1
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and 	0
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and 	1
high drama , 	1
who normally could n't care less 	0
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character 	0
is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 	0
also will win you over , in a big way 	1
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies 	1
it 's a very sincere work , 	1
respects the material 	1
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. . 	0
is casual and fun 	1
a gem 	1
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised . 	0
plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on `` the simpsons '' has . 	0
while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting . 	1
remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 	1
a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch 	1
rode the zipper 	0
there are lulls 	0
seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk 	0
does n't give you enough to feel good about . 	0
wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie 	0
should pay money for what we can get on television for free 	0
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out 	1
in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 	1
no worse a film 	0
gross-out college comedy 	0
provocative piece 	1
already mentioned 	0
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular . 	1
is a plodding mess . 	0
is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains . 	1
truly edgy 	1
alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight 	1
has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures 	0
plays like a tired tyco ad 	0
more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining . 	0
often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction 	0
wholesome and subversive 	1
a good time with this one too 	1
interesting storyline 	1
manage to get you under its spell 	1
it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers 	0
is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin . 	1
will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting 	0
cleverly constructed 	1
no amount of imagination , no creature 	0
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed . 	1
it 's too close to real life to make sense 	0
the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , 	0
's not very good 	0
jackson is always watchable . 	1
replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 	0
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration . 	1
you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy 	1
have to see it 	1
is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie . 	0
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago . 	0
is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year 	1
trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . 	1
of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written 	0
a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action 	1
small-budget 	0
this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers ... 	1
should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end . 	1
, it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . 	0
all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film 	0
with a few lingering animated thoughts 	1
see the movie 	1
an extraordinary film , not least 	1
the film more silly than scary 	0
an important political documentary 	1
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world 	1
unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun . 	0
it 's a spirited film and a must-see 	1
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world . 	1
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades 	0
been developed with more care 	0
the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while 	0
is n't as funny as it should be 	0
no big whoop , 	0
is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters 	1
it lacks in substance 	0
a winning comedy 	1
when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck 	1
not in a good way 	0
failed jokes , twitchy acting , and 	0
do not automatically equal laughs 	0
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama 	1
it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients 	1
adequately 	1
at least one damn fine horror movie 	1
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects . 	0
family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking . 	1
's in danger of going wrong 	0
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept 	0
, this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits . 	1
of lame entertainment 	0
do n't fit well together 	0
are moments of hilarity to be had . 	1
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made . 	1
whole thing 	1
sour taste 	0
the dorkier aspects 	0
provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought 	1
based 	0
a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse 	1
strike a chord with anyone who 's ever 	1
our best achievements 	1
, is extraordinary . 	1
extremely bad 	0
comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . 	0
that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters 	1
's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest 	1
action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering 	0
a hokey piece of nonsense 	0
mesmerizing cinematic poem 	1
listless sci-fi 	0
subtle and visceral 	1
the problematic characters 	0
rather than real figures 	0
a real writer plot 	1
the main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish . 	0
faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original 	1
are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style 	0
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers . 	0
i have to put up with 146 minutes of it 	0
the obnoxious title character 	0
childhood imagination 	1
brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 	1
parody . 	1
it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 	1
sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 	0
spoofs 	1
enjoyable above average summer diversion 	1
you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor 	1
, then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years . 	1
the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt . 	0
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it . 	0
takes itself all too seriously 	0
hmmm ... might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ? 	0
story to show us why it 's compelling 	1
see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out 	0
of visual charm 	1
hard-driving 	1
confessions is n't always coherent 	0
the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas 	0
it ca n't be dismissed as mindless 	1
thoughtless , random , superficial humor 	0
meandering , and sometimes dry 	0
likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses 	0
a comedic context 	1
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent 	1
try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde . 	0
bluto blutarsky , we miss you . 	1
are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents 	1
likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise 	1
feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism 	1
into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style 	1
the all-french cast is marveilleux . 	1
the worst film 	0
holds up 	1
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it . 	0
, it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message 	1
its emotional power and moments of revelation 	1
for something entertaining 	1
derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . 	1
wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy 	0
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust . 	1
( breheny 's ) lensing 	1
soap opera-ish story 	0
of having been slimed in the name of high art 	0
be funny , uplifting and moving 	1
recommended 	1
degenerates into hogwash . 	0
seems little different 	0
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese . 	0
with some glimpses of nature and family warmth 	1
improbable 	0
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy 	1
being a total rehash 	0
succeeds 	1
what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective 	1
well-deserved 	1
a greater knowledge 	1
a great 	1
the overall experience is awesome 	1
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series 	1
the excruciating end 	0
a well-put-together piece 	1
the culture clash comedies 	1
of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making 	1
a retread story , bad writing 	0
its logical loopholes , 	0
a serious exploration 	1
a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten 	0
, like its title character , is repellantly out of control . 	0
like trying to eat brussels sprouts 	0
animation master 	1
one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it 	0
spontaneous intimacy 	1
acted , quietly affecting cop drama 	1
the exotic world 	1
its charms and its funny moments 	1
as fresh or enjoyable 	1
which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	0
and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception . 	1
be relegated to a dark video store corner 	0
chuckle 	1
bad day 	0
of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party 	1
unique niche 	1
this new zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything . 	0
endlessly 	0
were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn 	0
some outrageously creative action in the transporter 	1
hollywood kids 	1
grave for youngsters 	0
paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	0
boring , pretentious 	0
, it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . 	1
revisionist 	1
a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere . 	1
smart-aleck movie 	1
down-to-earth 	1
is a verbal duel between two gifted performers . 	1
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age 	0
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but 	1
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity 	1
by a noticeable lack of pace 	0
carry the film with their charisma 	1
the fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it . 	0
at least during their '70s heyday 	1
most original 	1
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest 	0
as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 	1
has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen . 	1
can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere 	0
more mindless 	0
his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories . 	1
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... 	0
the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves . 	1
lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve 	1
pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 	0
is an all-time low for kevin costner . 	0
clever concept 	1
the sum 	1
with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue 	0
of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries 	1
a visually masterful work of quiet power 	1
fascinating and playful 	1
is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 	0
pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances 	1
an extremely unpleasant film 	0
in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby 	0
often food-spittingly 	1
succeed at cheapening it 	0
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up . 	1
hardly seems worth the effort . 	0
( a ) crushing disappointment 	0
offering an original 	1
an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing 	0
attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern 	1
this poor remake 	0
bland hotels , highways , parking lots 	0
of veracity and narrative grace 	1
money-oriented 	0
hugely rewarding experience 	1
destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	0
it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men 	1
, and dramatically moving 	1
a serious contender 	1
, those rejected must have been astronomically bad 	0
immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . 	0
surprising winner 	1
that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy 	0
this disappointed by a movie in a long time 	0
hate this one 	0
of cute animals and clumsy people 	1
technically and artistically inept . 	0
in cynicism every bit 	0
a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office 	1
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . 	1
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place 	0
tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	0
has n't much more to serve than silly fluff 	0
it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor 	0
a hit - 	1
outdoes its spectacle 	1
one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . 	0
's also nice to see a movie with its heart 	1
brisk hack job 	0
... the plot weaves us into a complex web . 	1
it fascinating 	1
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from 	1
fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat 	1
raw emotions 	1
in thick clouds of denial 	0
is one of the greatest date movies in years 	1
educates 	1
and con , for adults 	0
is disgusting to begin with 	0
most audacious , 	1
sucks you in 	1
with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy 	0
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary . 	1
that it 's boring 	0
an accomplished actress 	1
encouraging effort 	1
that 's shapeless and uninflected 	0
shot on ugly digital video . 	0
the more problematic aspects 	0
is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . 	0
, it is a failure . 	0
intricate magic 	1
goes down easy 	0
otherwise appalling , and 	0
fairly trite narrative 	1
has all the actors reaching for the back row 	0
director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap 	0
hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is 	0
gay-niche condescension 	0
hate it because it 's lousy . 	0
understated performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career 	0
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... 	1
much like a fragment of an underdone potato 	0
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set 	0
a distinguished and thoughtful film 	1
at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 	1
a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking . 	1
clever ideas 	1
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises . 	0
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries 	1
an artist who is simply tired 	0
is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke 	1
exit 	0
kong master john woo 	0
would n't have the guts to make . 	0
attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off 	1
insult the intelligence of everyone 	0
was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man 	1
dazzling , remarkably unpretentious 	1
remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced 	1
curiously stylized 	1
the odd enjoyably chewy lump 	1
a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment 	1
a deep bow 	1
a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 	0
drains 	0
in what is essentially an extended soap opera 	0
liked sometimes 	1
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , 	0
inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry 	0
that is part biography , part entertainment and part history 	1
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry 	1
the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 	0
lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter . 	0
's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish 	0
utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 	0
that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it 	0
deeply absorbing piece 	1
is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll 	1
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both . 	0
hideously 	0
leave 	0
dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction 	1
mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes 	0
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time 	0
incredibly dated and unfunny 	0
audacious ambitions 	1
hard-won 	1
plotless 	0
the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . 	0
who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate 	1
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness 	0
low rent from frame one . 	0
in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes 	1
whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen . 	1
so downbeat and 	0
simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . 	1
play their roles with vibrant charm 	1
is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . 	1
bad seeds 	0
immensely ambitious 	1
in this dreary mess 	0
's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action . 	1
come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 	0
ideally 	1
delightful surprise 	1
being exciting 	1
betrayal , deceit and murder 	0
with all the usual spielberg flair 	1
actually has something interesting to say 	1
brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before 	1
like life on the island 	0
there 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . 	0
are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk 	1
he drags it back , single-handed . 	1
whose achievements -- and complexities -- 	1
too bad 	0
its limit to sustain a laugh 	0
a cruel story 	0
in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties 	1
most purely enjoyable and satisfying 	1
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again 	0
fiercely intelligent 	1
from squirming in their seats 	0
about sex gags and prom dates 	0
give credit to everyone from robinson 	1
have a barrie good time 	1
are both excellent 	1
are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it 	1
hungry-man portions of bad 	0
it feels more forced than usual . 	0
literal 	1
the rueful , wry humor 	1
has cheapened the artistry of making a film 	0
a vehicle to savor binoche 's skill 	1
to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life 	0
hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . 	0
sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . 	0
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study 	1
improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor 	1
just lapses into unhidden british 	0
once subtle and visceral 	1
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing 	1
farce 	0
sometimes beautiful 	1
les 	1
in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles 	1
that is actually funny without hitting below the belt 	1
a gushy episode of `` m * a * s * h '' only this time from an asian perspective . 	0
waiting for frida to just die already 	0
a charmer from belgium 	1
fabulously 	1
equals the original 	1
have one saving grace 	1
injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater 	1
good , 	1
virtue 	1
stealing harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . 	0
a solid pedigree 	1
the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 	1
gimmick 	0
, in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , 	1
terror 	0
cleverness 	1
crippled children 	0
slack execution 	0
is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . 	0
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography . 	1
a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film 	1
of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought 	0
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era 	0
more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . 	1
become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking 	1
go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	1
where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits 	0
, intricate magic 	1
is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies 	1
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' 	1
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere . 	1
a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 	0
if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie . 	0
on crummy-looking videotape 	0
erotically frank 	1
less-compelling 	0
a breadth of vision and 	1
was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body 	0
curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget 	0
're simply not funny performers 	0
which also seems to play on a 10-year delay 	0
that makes the formula fresh again 	1
playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery 	1
scott 's convincing portrayal 	1
attempts , in vain , 	0
make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching . 	1
subtle 	1
he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie 	1
as rude and profane as ever , 	0
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' 	1
's easy to like and always leaves us laughing 	1
's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking 	1
a spielberg trademark 	1
is such a blip on the year 's radar screen 	0
realized through clever makeup design , 	1
funny popcorn 	1
cut their losses 	0
the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry 	0
if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions 	1
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating 	1
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding 	1
a failure 	0
justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival 	1
uses grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos 	1
served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it 	0
a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective 	1
, most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 	1
have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but 	1
a little weak -- and it is n't that funny . 	0
illness 	0
colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill . 	1
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets 	0
better thriller 	1
powerful , chilling , and affecting study 	1
like a quickie tv special than a feature film 	0
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see . 	1
still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . 	1
to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 	1
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers 	0
trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull 	1
reaffirms life 	1
a pretentious mess ... 	0
ii experience 	0
watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 	0
clichés and a dim 	0
stress-reducing 	1
that 's hard to resist 	1
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it 	1
entertaining and moving 	1
's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters 	1
is a tale worth catching 	1
a condition only the old are privy to 	1
gunfight 	0
the excesses of writer-director roger avary 	0
relied too much 	0
a noble failure . 	0
certainly does n't disappoint . 	1
treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film 	1
aids 	0
techno-tripe 	0
genuine mind-bender . 	1
bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival 	1
should get a pink slip 	0
's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics . 	1
elegant and 	1
the best thing i can say about this film is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next . 	1
entertained by the sight of someone 	1
a wet burlap sack of gloom 	0
a drag 	0
for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film 	1
loved 	1
a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what 	1
at its cluelessness 	0
clever and very satisfying 	1
a rollicking 	1
heroic deserves a look 	1
typical late-twenty-somethings natter 	0
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here 	0
beyond all expectation 	1
to confront their problems openly 	1
elegant wit and artifice 	1
bludgeoning the audience 	0
tragic ) 	0
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short . 	1
overblown 	0
but it 's also disappointing to a certain degree . 	0
the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 	0
unifying 	1
pascale bailly 's rom-com provides amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest . 	0
does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful 	0
he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy 	1
b-movie you 	0
is such that the movie does not do them justice 	0
blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves 	0
red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . 	1
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling . 	1
actually exploiting it yourself 	0
dead-end existence 	0
via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance 	1
, while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 	1
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and 	0
fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching 	1
a very distinctive sensibility 	1
also looking cheap 	0
, the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . 	0
recharged 	1
a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach 	1
find comfort in familiarity 	1
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise 	1
her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic 	1
astringent wit 	1
we all ca n't stand 	0
a frightening and compelling ` what if 	1
inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic 	1
what a concept 	1
lyrical and celebratory vision 	1
excessively quirky 	1
intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation 	1
with a screenplay to die for 	1
shining 	1
making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative 	0
attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one 	0
wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? 	0
shoestring and unevenly 	0
've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	0
any thinking person is bound to appreciate 	1
is too bad 	0
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points . 	0
is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed 	0
the grease 	0
a been-there , done-that sameness 	0
quiet , confident craftsmanship 	1
laughs -- 	1
music fans 	1
is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 	1
tequila bender 	1
rank with its worthy predecessors 	1
'll be rewarded with some fine acting 	1
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . 	0
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex . 	1
a powerfully evocative mood 	1
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings 	0
the real triumphs in igby 	1
the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man 	0
just dreadful . 	0
oo many of these gross out scenes ... 	0
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity . 	1
plots that never quite gel 	0
hellish 	0
infrequently breathtaking 	1
the movie is silly beyond comprehension 	0
one of the most interesting writer/directors 	1
elevates the experience to a more mythic level 	1
danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk . 	1
win you over 	1
is a work of outstanding originality 	1
's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film 	1
sad nonsense 	0
there 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 	0
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great . 	0
utterly forgettable 	0
a powerful sequel 	1
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 	0
something to be fully forgotten 	0
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , 	1
, ivan is a prince of a fellow 	1
to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests 	0
his sentimental journey 	1
a powerful , naturally dramatic piece 	1
more charming than in about a boy 	1
's episode of behind the music 	1
it 's a loathsome movie 	0
does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself 	0
a witty , whimsical feature debut 	1
too great 	1
as a seven rip-off 	0
leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing . 	0
of the best war movies ever made 	1
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions . 	1
in the very top rank of french filmmakers 	1
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance . 	1
into the complexities of the middle east struggle and 	1
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare . 	1
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and 	0
of a cesspool 	0
adventure and song 	1
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation . 	0
soulful 	1
lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . 	1
like a party 	1
do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth 	1
nothing special and , until the final act , nothing 	0
falls far short of poetry 	0
creepy and dead-on 	1
insanely hilarious ! 	1
is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon 	0
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing 	0
scratching your head than hiding under your seat 	0
delicious crime drama 	1
grating and tedious 	0
instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid 	0
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship . 	1
dull 	0
plainly dull 	0
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls . 	0
comes across as a fairly weak retooling 	0
'll need a stronger stomach than us 	0
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale 	1
that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country 	1
the energetic frontman 	1
that the highest power of all is the power of love 	1
yawn-provoking 	0
( f ) rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 	1
, there are great rewards here . 	1
unable 	0
lady 	1
's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition 	0
stunningly unoriginal 	0
see who can out-bad-act the other 	0
carries you 	1
it all plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out . 	1
historically significant , and personal 	1
too easily 	1
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore . 	0
state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 	0
she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew . 	1
while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters 	0
it 's good enough for our girls 	1
fantastic visual trope 	1
the material seem genuine rather than pandering 	1
ravishing , baroque beauty 	1
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program 	0
spiffy bluescreen technique and 	1
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , 	0
capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries 	1
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story 	1
good-naturedly cornball sequel . 	1
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there 's very little hustling on view 	0
is the best star trek movie in a long time 	1
loses what made you love it 	0
straight from the ages 	1
compassion , 	1
the positive change in tone 	1
an assurance worthy 	1
as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , 	1
rude black comedy 	0
acted offbeat thriller 	1
you 'll still be glued to the screen . 	1
( and lovely ) 	1
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music 	1
cast , but never quite gets off the ground 	0
to my great pleasure 	1
with depth 	1
less-is-more 	0
a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit 	1
with remarkable skill 	1
totally lacking 	0
laudable in themselves 	1
succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work 	1
a sketchy work-in-progress 	0
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim 	1
entertaining ride 	1
's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater 	1
rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it 	1
watered-down 	0
shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . ' 	0
a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own 	1
boyd 's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon . 	0
very attractive about this movie 	1
through worn-out material 	0
with the delight of discovery 	1
sweet , even delectable diversion 	1
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen 	1
sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up 	1
the most original american productions 	1
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' . 	0
payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 	1
the genius of the work 	1
truly terrible 	0
painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people 	1
presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and 	0
merits 	1
has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and 	0
the film 's sopranos gags 	0
incompetent 	0
soullessness 	0
robin tunney 	1
the closest thing to the experience of space travel 	1
is nevertheless compelling 	1
fine , focused 	1
the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . 	1
to honor the many faceless victims 	1
a movie star 	1
of the charm of satin rouge 	1
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece 	0
ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters 	1
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage 	1
is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . 	0
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera 	1
us love it , too . 	1
the effort is sincere and 	1
badly edited , 91-minute trailer 	0
'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie 	0
infatuation 	1
in imax in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen . 	1
rather routine 	0
no interesting concept 	0
deep feeling 	1
are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one 	1
` ron seal the deal 	1
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but 	0
so downbeat 	0
`` shock humor '' will wear thin on all 	0
a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected 	0
fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill 	1
disgracefully written dialogue 	0
thought-provoking and 	1
endless 	0
most memorable 	1
keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming 	1
with tremendous promise 	1
riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder 	0
gently 	1
poetic , 	1
earnest dramaturgy 	1
a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn 	1
eloquence , spiritual challenge 	1
a fascinating 	1
overexposed 	0
a stab at soccer hooliganism 	0
something wholly original 	1
sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment 	0
vibrant and intoxicating fashion 	1
has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation 	0
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , 	1
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability . 	1
, it 's not very good either . 	0
like a tarantino movie with heart 	1
this silly little puddle of a movie 	0
men of marginal intelligence 	0
so boring 	0
you feel alive - which is what they did 	1
boring talking heads , etc . 	0
captivating drama 	1
skip the film 	0
the flawed support structure 	0
a tone poem of transgression . 	1
lazy material 	0
captivates as it 	1
talented director 	1
wonderfully sprawling 	1
a fairly slow paced 	0
jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . 	1
has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . 	1
particularly original 	1
be the end of the world 	1
his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum 	0
execrable . 	0
perhaps the grossest movie 	0
sentimentalizing 	1
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 	0
you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater 	0
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote . 	0
of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence 	0
those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one 	0
strong erotic 	1
to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen 	0
than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter 	1
willing to have fun with it 	1
is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan . 	1
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film 	1
most of his budget 	0
on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior 	0
the opulent lushness of every scene 	1
disposable story 	0
as splendid-looking as this particular film 	1
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo 	0
won -- and 	1
nice evening out 	1
's as entertaining as it is instructive 	1
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery 	1
enter and accept another world 	1
replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo 	0
some very good acting , dialogue , 	1
as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice 	0
`` mr. deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 	1
blue crush is as predictable as the tides . 	0
as plain and pedestrian as catsup 	0
ambitious failure 	0
five hours long 	0
is like reading a research paper 	0
fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . 	0
mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good 	1
even if you 've seen `` stomp '' ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! 	1
, the movie is powerful and provocative . 	1
( it 's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 	1
thrusts the audience 	1
underwhelming 	0
we all lose track of ourselves by trying 	1
folks , it does n't work . 	0
enter 	1
is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype . 	0
sobering cautionary tale 	1
breathtakingly spectacular 	1
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material . 	0
the brilliant surfing photography 	1
margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . 	1
vibrant charm 	1
seagal ran out of movies years ago , 	0
that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable 	0
the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 	1
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel . 	1
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms 	0
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie 	0
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact . 	1
sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act 	0
an engaging storyline 	1
as timely as tomorrow 	1
as entertainment 	1
is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue 	1
unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing 	1
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters 	1
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , 	0
flourish 	1
better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 	1
good actors 	1
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images . 	1
the gallic ` tradition of quality 	1
so short 	0
of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys 	1
the most awful acts 	0
sinks to a harrison ford low . 	0
manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar . 	1
eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life . 	1
the term epic cinema 	1
never becomes claustrophobic 	1
unbearably dull 	0
sane and healthy 	1
report that it is instead a cheap cliché 	0
is painterly . 	1
shakespeare 's macbeth 	1
their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own 	0
quite admirable 	1
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , 	1
takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving 	1
talented writer/director anderson 	1
none of the visual wit of the previous pictures 	0
in full consciousness 	1
will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 	1
creeps into your heart . 	1
the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools 	0
engaging charisma 	1
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame 	0
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message 	1
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . 	0
is a trove of delights 	1
it is nevertheless compelling 	1
delight in the images 	1
this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes 	1
of your seat , tense with suspense 	1
, tender hug 	1
from a groundbreaking endeavor 	1
going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend 	0
to little more than punishment 	0
geared 	1
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but 	0
, the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . 	1
it 's sweet . 	1
a sad and rote exercise 	0
bilingual charmer 	1
of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own 	1
it 's a lousy one at that . 	0
get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	1
imaginative through out 	1
jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder . 	0
offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else 	0
never feels draggy 	1
for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd 	0
a fascinating case study 	1
been remarkable 	1
a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart 	1
have a whale of a good time 	1
seem to get a coherent rhythm going 	1
gender-bending comedy 	1
than the real thing 	1
captured the chaos of an urban conflagration 	1
unbelievably stupid 	0
long , dull procession 	0
, really , really good things can come in enormous packages 	1
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience . 	1
juicy role 	1
with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering 	0
it might just be the movie you 're looking for . 	1
for no one 	0
asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country 	1
the same love story 	0
utter tripe 	0
bland hotels 	0
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . 	1
finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films 	1
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters . 	1
, shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . 	0
've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane . 	1
captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 	1
good as the original 	1
genuine and singular artist 	1
has made its way into your very bloodstream 	1
tedium 	0
'd watch these two together again in a new york minute 	1
ambitious ` 	1
it 's so lackluster 	0
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent . 	0
may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black . 	0
a really funny movie 	1
imagine acting that could be any flatter 	0
ago 	1
a man in drag is not in and of himself funny 	0
worthy and 	1
the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours 	0
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches . 	0
that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday 	1
is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand . 	1
to look at or understand 	1
one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work . 	1
to fully endear itself to american art house audiences 	1
those prone to indignation need not apply ; 	0
visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . 	1
that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 	1
starts out like a typical bible killer story 	0
to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene 	0
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees . 	1
ineffective 	0
lush , swooning melodrama 	1
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short 	0
's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . 	0
tried-and-true 	1
of sensitive observation 	1
cathartic 	0
frittered away 	0
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , 	1
too amateurish and 	0
, they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . 	1
humor , warmth , and intelligence 	1
is lacking any real emotional impact 	0
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` 	0
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale . 	0
its visual panache 	1
i 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen . 	0
no discernible feeling 	0
beauty or humor 	1
cold , gray 	0
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded . 	1
is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side 	1
ultimately empty 	0
to champion the fallibility of the human heart 	1
surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot 	0
is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity 	0
quiet power 	1
off his game 	0
by sending the audience straight to hell 	0
the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes 	1
on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic 	0
brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors 	0
maddening 	0
figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats . 	1
more relevant than 9 1/2 weeks 	1
melodramatic bodice-ripper 	0
a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness 	1
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive 	1
cleverly worked out 	1
of the more influential works 	1
dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of 	0
is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg 	0
shameless self-caricature 	0
foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster 	1
bludgeoning the audience over the head 	0
like the best of godard 's movies 	1
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild . 	0
that feels dusty and leatherbound 	0
of the worst titles in recent cinematic history 	0
had been developed with more care 	1
is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it 	1
retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching . 	1
's far from fresh-squeezed 	0
huge heart 	1
a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling 	1
quirky , charming and 	1
to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row 	0
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting . '' 	0
is authentic . 	1
an intense indoor drama 	1
with aplomb 	1
have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own 	1
looks fake 	0
feel the beat down to your toes 	1
love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence 	1
perfectly 	1
boring , pretentious waste 	0
is a dud . 	0
the fact that it is n't very good 	0
you do n't understand what on earth is going on 	0
home 	1
about a superficial midlife crisis 	0
an action/thriller of the finest kind 	1
a buoyant romantic comedy 	1
is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . 	0
will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action 	0
kwan 's unique directing style 	1
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but 	1
examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling 	1
demonic 	0
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution . 	1
keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . 	0
weird and distanced 	0
never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . 	1
because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm 	1
borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own 	0
this long and relentlessly saccharine film 	0
conflicts 	0
offer any new insight 	1
bring out joys in our lives 	1
what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure 	0
, herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion . 	0
of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions 	1
frightful vanity film 	0
should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie . 	0
the process comes out looking like something wholly original 	1
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated 	0
uniquely 	1
shoddy product 	0
you 'd be wise to send your regrets 	0
perdition 	1
its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace 	0
- kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and 	1
are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy 	0
exploiting 	0
hypocritical 	0
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls . 	0
are beautiful 	1
told , with superb performances throughout 	1
like life 	1
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play . 	1
sweetness and 	1
improved 	1
that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist 	1
fantasy of a director 's travel 	1
the far superior film 	1
resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates . 	0
for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance 	1
amaze 	1
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , 	1
an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter 	1
darker turns 	0
losing my lunch 	0
can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise 	0
confident enough 	1
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion . 	0
evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters 	1
virtually no understanding of it 	0
the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers 	0
embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it 	1
run-of-the-mill 	0
a strong pulse 	1
star power 	1
, bloody and mean 	0
cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory 	0
the excruciating end of days 	0
a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them 	0
the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick . 	0
kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance 	1
a meatier 	1
maelstrom is strange and compelling 	1
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation 	1
those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself 	1
amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio 	1
odd and intriguing 	1
awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	1
every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary 	0
a wickedly undramatic central theme 	0
begins as a seven rip-off 	0
the end of the world 	0
cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film . 	0
a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , 	1
that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane 	0
usual tear 	1
engage children 	1
you feel good 	1
a sultry evening 	1
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block . 	0
apparent joy 	1
live-wire film 	1
this story still seems timely and important . 	1
deliciously exploitative 	1
geniality 	1
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life 	1
sloppy , made-for-movie 	0
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all 	1
an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate 	1
that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty 	1
one mediocre movie 	0
various sources 	1
that 's apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career 	1
ca n't even do that much 	0
hide its contrivances 	0
a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done 	1
like all four of the lead actors a lot 	1
delicate treatment 	1
empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . 	0
such a tragedy 	0
subtlety has never been his trademark 	0
it may not be particularly innovative 	0
the easy emotional buttons 	1
that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier 	0
a climactic hero 's 	1
one more dumb high school comedy 	0
are universal and involving 	1
possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen 	0
farce , 	0
is so earnest in its yearning for the days 	1
the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and 	0
obscure this movie 's lack of ideas 	0
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . 	0
brings to a spectacular completion one 	1
satisfactory overview 	1
observant , unfussily poetic meditation 	1
looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . 	0
dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding 	0
has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy . 	1
the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you 	1
have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 	0
normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable . 	0
samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	1
and pulp melodrama 	0
of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor 	0
historic 	1
, but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special . 	0
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt . 	1
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 	1
's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message 	1
forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s 	1
with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 	0
expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 	0
france 's foremost cinematic poet 	1
uneven 	0
seem graceless and ugly 	0
merely bad 	0
a welcome and heartwarming addition 	1
everlasting 	1
did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home 	0
heartfelt conviction 	1
to his supple understanding of the role 	1
lax 	0
playful spirit 	1
a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- 	1
the story has its redundancies , 	0
the charm of kevin kline 	1
sets a new benchmark for lameness 	0
too loud , 	0
superficiality and silliness 	0
believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action 	0
to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe 	0
this girl 	1
, humorless soap opera 	0
while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain 	0
it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . 	0
seem sure of where it should go 	1
have been worth cheering as a breakthrough 	1
its disgusting source material 	0
one of the best movies of the year . 	1
fine acting 	1
will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 	1
turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder 	0
no energy 	0
low-budget and 	0
it 's all arty and jazzy 	1
whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle 	0
fast and 	1
absurd plot twists 	0
phony imagery or music 	0
best silly horror movies 	1
good humor 	1
see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way 	1
not just unlikable . 	0
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever . 	1
a beauty to behold 	1
trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it 	1
overinflated mythology 	0
so striking 	1
does n't quite know how to fill a frame 	0
build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . 	1
, it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 	0
good poetry 	1
to make it worth watching 	1
, storytelling is far more appealing 	1
to its inevitable tragic conclusion 	0
forgettable effort 	0
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject 	0
stylists 	1
, ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary . 	1
big round eyes and 	1
allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue 	1
very well 	1
on the brink of major changes 	1
a fascinating , bombshell documentary 	1
is pure punk existentialism 	1
the most ingenious film 	1
cloying messages and irksome characters 	0
knows its classical music , knows its freud and 	1
his ( nelson 's ) screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it . 	0
touching british comedy 	1
beautifully shot , 	1
is as adult as you can get 	1
otherwise good 	1
provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc . 	1
vividly 	1
fresh 	1
an unflinching and objective look 	1
a solid base hit . 	1
amateurish 	0
plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . 	0
i just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie . 	0
has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 	0
the satire is weak . 	0
sitcomishly predictable and cloying 	0
that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 	0
enigma is well-made 	1
infuses the film 	1
gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences 	1
replacing john carpenter 's stylish tracking shots 	0
a sane and breathtakingly creative film 	1
shrewd but pointless 	0
a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery 	0
echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies 	0
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and 	1
mannered 	1
of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly 	0
treasure chest 	1
is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . 	0
a heroine 	1
, there is little else to recommend `` never again . '' 	0
a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ... 	1
, promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 	1
their intelligence 	1
quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy 	0
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us 	1
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie 	1
pinnacle 	1
90-plus 	1
to churn out one mediocre movie after another 	0
strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss 	1
an overcooked soufflé 	1
sinks further and further into comedy futility 	0
grotesque and boring 	0
no character , loveable or otherwise 	0
is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years 	1
sincerely crafted picture 	1
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact 	0
tricky and satisfying as any of david 	1
it 's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle . 	1
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . ' 	0
filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life 	1
such life-embracing spirit 	1
ultimately , `` mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless . 	1
a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle 	1
all the filmmakers need to do 	1
in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	1
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and 	1
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth 	1
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . '' 	0
even with its $ 50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 	0
in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office 	0
a timid , soggy near miss . 	0
we often reel in when we should be playing out 	0
contemplative , and 	1
wonderful , imaginative 	1
limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists 	0
been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened 	0
enormously endearing 	1
hate it for the same reason 	0
unusually surreal 	1
less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) . 	1
little morality tale 	1
was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be 	1
too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery 	0
one of the best silly horror movies 	1
strokes the eyeballs 	1
low-brow humor , 	0
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions 	1
makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . 	1
the humor wry and 	1
writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza . 	1
too weak a recipe 	0
dishonesty 	0
weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school 	0
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed 	1
look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor . 	1
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and 	0
very well-acted 	1
as moronic as some campus gross-out films 	0
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does . 	1
to bowling you over 	1
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest 	1
probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . 	0
comedy special 	1
annoying 	0
cannibal 	0
most effective 	1
little time 	1
lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise 	1
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner laurence coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage 	1
has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones 	1
charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular 	1
a much funnier film 	1
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , 	0
near miss 	0
yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state 	1
in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable 	0
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and 	0
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled . 	1
the fantastic and the believable 	1
to keep it from being maudlin 	0
an interest 	1
lacks depth . 	0
has something fascinating 	1
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the château 	1
never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together 	0
another generic drama 	0
typical animé , with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names . 	0
the recording sessions 	1
of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 	0
the rare imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour . 	1
shapeless inconsequential move 	0
annoying , 	0
by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable . 	1
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors 	1
a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise 	0
wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths 	1
and artistic transcendence 	1
tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot 	0
treat . 	1
retaining an integrity 	1
look ill at ease sharing the same scene . 	0
a natural sense for what works 	1
throw elbows when necessary 	1
very sluggish 	0
this overproduced piece 	0
as ugly as the shabby digital photography and 	0
makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here . 	0
a funny moment 	1
frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story 	0
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , 	0
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast 	0
eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 	0
noisy and pretentious 	0
` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny 	0
an intensely lived time , 	1
employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing 	1
of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan 	0
brave 	1
sinister inspiration 	1
but no-nonsense human beings they are and 	1
competent , unpretentious entertainment 	1
to squander jennifer love hewitt 	0
has a way of seeping into your consciousness 	1
tooled action thriller about love and terrorism 	1
putrid writing , direction and timing 	0
breezy blend 	1
if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing . 	1
attracting audiences 	1
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . 	1
contributions 	1
an amusement 	1
jump cuts , fast editing 	0
in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine . 	0
has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience 	1
an overexposed waste of film 	0
most of the characters forget their lines 	0
just that it 's so not-at-all-good 	0
listless , witless , 	0
handsome 	1
a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock 	1
airless cinematic shell games . 	0
next to little insight 	0
mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , 	1
cheesy backdrops 	0
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , 	1
like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge 	0
must have been lost in the mail 	0
utter lack 	0
beneath otherwise tender movements 	1
if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad 	0
follow-your-dream 	1
is no denying the power of polanski 's film 	1
match his ambition 	1
, virulently unpleasant excuse 	0
the confusing sexual messages 	0
queasy infatuation and overall strangeness 	0
of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow 	1
really solid woody allen film 	1
opulent 	1
with splendid singing 	1
this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history 	0
an intelligent person 	1
small , sweet ` evelyn 	1
if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy . 	1
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 	0
desolate 	0
the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals 	1
his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes 	1
to break free of her old life 	1
these days are about nothing 	0
terrific casting 	1
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs . 	0
their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment 	1
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent 	0
emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort 	0
auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ... 	0
stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits 	0
technically proficient and 	1
a chilly , brooding but quietly 	1
lazy exercise 	0
predictable than their consequences 	0
proper home 	1
his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 	1
is rather unexceptional 	0
under-inspired , overblown enterprise 	0
like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen 	0
inject farcical raunch 	0
injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again . 	1
is their resemblance to everyday children . 	1
will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . 	0
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man . 	1
is one of the best actors there is 	1
is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable 	0
a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , 	1
is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness . 	0
ugly and destructive 	0
baaaaaaaaad movie 	0
as a detailed personal portrait 	1
delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation 	0
feel sanitised and stagey 	0
direct-to-video/dvd 	0
that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination 	1
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 	1
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but 	1
difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 	0
crane 's decline with unblinking candor 	1
written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors 	0
sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 	1
more of : spirit , perception , conviction 	1
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon . 	1
teeth-clenching 	1
the movie is brilliant , really . 	1
entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal 	1
so you can get your money back 	0
timid and soggy 	0
can be made on the cheap 	0
barely realize your mind is being blown . 	1
light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy 	0
( a ) stale retread of the '53 original . 	0
of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme 	1
abhorrent 	0
feels painfully redundant and inauthentic 	0
make it well worth watching 	1
after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music . 	0
integrating the characters 	1
brave and 	1
in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look 	1
modestly surprising movie 	1
boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other 	0
they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 	0
wondrous beats 	1
a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen 	1
to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 	0
ability to shock and amaze 	1
another tired old vision 	0
a fascinating character 's 	1
by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness 	0
a tough pill to swallow 	0
more adventurous 	1
than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point 	0
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay . 	0
rings false 	0
sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit 	1
human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; 	0
more than their unique residences 	1
... strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults . 	1
not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow . 	0
of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay 	0
the flowering of the south korean cinema 	1
( and lovely ) experiment 	1
george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks 	1
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work . 	1
undeniably fascinating and playful 	1
too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins 	0
crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope 	1
this stinker 	0
piercing and feisty 	1
is one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it 	0
before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . 	0
not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing . 	1
urban comedy 	1
exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk 	1
is a brilliant movie . 	1
feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal 	1
was worse . '' 	0
it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance . 	1
leaden and predictable 	0
above-average thriller 	1
an elegant and sly deadpan 	1
civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices 	1
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and 	1
high-strung but flaccid drama 	0
guiding lights 	1
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script 	0
`` b + 	1
one of france 's most inventive directors 	1
sets a new benchmark for lameness . 	0
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little . 	0
tenacious 	1
the brain is engaged 	1
are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction 	0
is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor 	1
about the life 	1
`` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	1
engaging manner and flamboyant style 	1
cinematic 	1
to his craft , but to his legend 	1
... hypnotically dull . 	0
is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his 	1
yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless 	1
other foul substances 	0
mounted , exasperatingly 	0
about the general absurdity of modern life 	1
none of this is very original , and 	0
to behold in its sparkling beauty 	1
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . ' 	0
brisk hack job . 	0
teacher 	1
it all unfolds predictably 	0
its empty head 	0
is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 	0
, this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 	1
a remarkably alluring film 	1
for sure 	1
a fun and funky look 	1
have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama 	0
has failed him 	0
for everyone 	1
rather unique approach 	1
is oscar-worthy 	1
watching intelligent people making a movie 	1
the modern master 	1
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find . 	0
is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys 	1
-- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- 	0
warped 	0
launch 	1
as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet 	0
one that was hard for me to warm up to 	0
brought down by lousy direction . 	0
an even less capable trio of criminals 	0
be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor 	0
for the last 15 minutes 	0
a superfluous sequel ... 	0
too convoluted 	0
with few respites , marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it . 	1
the pictures do the punching 	1
terrific casting and solid execution 	1
thrillers actually thrilled 	1
is the sense that peace is possible 	1
valley of the dolls 	1
how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not . 	1
worm its way into your heart 	1
spellbinding serpent 's 	1
becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on 	0
funniest motion 	1
fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about 	0
the stale plot and pornographic way 	0
handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly 	0
is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . 	1
ebullient 	1
takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel . 	1
its visual appeal 	1
once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie 	0
windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 	0
wholly believable and heart-wrenching 	1
frightfest 	1
look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor 	1
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' 	0
the dullest tangents 	0
switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s 	0
empty head 	0
star power , a pop-induced score 	1
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play 	1
forget about it 	0
feel like a chump 	0
focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness 	1
wo n't enjoy the movie at all 	0
same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept 	0
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms . 	1
effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 	0
great rewards 	1
should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free 	0
is a mess . 	0
too clichéd and 	0
being able to tear their eyes away from the screen 	1
terrifying message 	0
telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal 	0
compromising that complexity 	0
one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience 	0
suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories 	0
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed 	0
with brooms and what is kind of special 	1
is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks . 	1
tight and truthful 	1
appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about 	1
lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x. 	1
seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business . 	1
with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller 	1
formulaic and forgettable 	0
you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma 	0
effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres 	1
with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 	1
candid , 	1
you may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie . 	0
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like 	1
more sophisticated and 	1
this turd squashed 	0
show-stoppingly hilarious , 	1
director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . 	0
is still worth hearing 	1
right conditions 	1
's film ' in the worst sense of the expression . 	0
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... 	0
than a leaky freighter 	0
dying fall 	0
ignore the film 	0
you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise . 	0
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny 	1
that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability 	1
an insult 	0
gentle , lapping 	1
rise above the level of an after-school tv special 	0
muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible 	0
feel like time fillers between surf shots 	0
presume 	1
you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 	1
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve . 	1
found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays . 	0
shamelessly manipulative and contrived 	0
lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name 	0
much like a young robert deniro 	1
altogether creepy 	0
jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- 	1
has any sting to it 	1
see over and over 	1
, you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox 	1
thriller junk . 	0
seeing this trite , predictable rehash 	0
surprisingly funny 	1
mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic . 	1
jump-in-your-seat moment 	1
, this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . 	1
the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers . 	1
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation 	1
it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide . 	1
chamber of secrets 	1
film that suffers because of its many excesses . 	0
sublime 	1
how 	1
a rustic retreat and pee against a tree 	0
the working out of the plot almost arbitrary 	0
it also will win you over , in a big way 	1
seem tiresomely simpleminded 	0
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and 	1
prime mystery 	1
it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker 	1
about intelligent high school 	1
an achievement 	1
were the people who paid to see it . 	0
an engaging storyline , 	1
almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and 	0
too much exploitation and too little art 	0
one film 	1
bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period 	1
a delightfully dour 	1
it trusts the story it sets out to tell . 	1
of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 	1
been a good film in `` trouble every day 	1
ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format 	1
... could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 . 	1
works its magic 	1
the war of the roses , ' 	1
cinematic disaster 	0
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic . 	1
this dvd 	1
of motherhood deferred and desire 	1
spoofs and celebrates 	1
it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 	0
broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 	1
theories 	1
it 's won 	1
a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and 	0
in a sincere performance 	1
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed 	0
celebrated 	1
the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	1
becomes an overwhelming pleasure 	1
to be even worse than its title 	0
grossly contradictory 	0
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but 	1
might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . 	0
it still feels like a prison stretch . 	0
are many tense scenes in trapped 	1
this movie directionless 	0
the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . 	1
the art direction is often exquisite , 	1
a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters 	1
might deliver again and again 	1
scores a direct hit 	1
a humorless journey into a philosophical void . 	0
a foundering performance 	0
take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly 	0
fine documentary 	1
once playful and haunting , 	1
way fears and slights 	0
delightful in the central role 	1
the film 's final hour 	1
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece 	0
waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over 	1
does n't 	0
dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick 	0
thoughtful , subjective filmmaking 	1
that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness 	0
symbolic examination 	1
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality 	1
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard . 	0
into rambling incoherence 	0
icky 	0
occasional slowness 	0
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy 	0
nelson 's intentions are good 	1
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic 	1
it 's black hawk down with more heart . 	1
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc . 	0
otherwise bleak 	0
, then blood work is for you . 	1
knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . 	0
the general 's 	1
is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring 	0
plot and pornographic way 	0
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images 	1
a kitchen sink 	0
then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 	1
excruciating end 	0
make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 	1
is born to play shaggy ! 	1
subtle ironies and visual devices 	1
be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film 	1
potentially interesting 	1
is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 	1
family fare . 	1
the curse of blandness 	0
is ) a fascinating character , 	1
director claude chabrol 	1
finds warmth in the coldest environment 	1
flailing around 	0
this orange has some juice , 	1
historically significant , and personal , 	1
with exquisite craftsmanship ... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . 	1
's equally distasteful 	0
is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap 	0
it makes you feel like a chump 	0
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down . 	0
a dull , dumb and derivative horror 	0
's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd 	0
becomes too heavy for the plot . 	0
loud , violent and mindless 	0
the film certainly does n't disappoint . 	1
here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud . 	1
craziness 	0
noble teacher 	1
graham greene 's novel 	1
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera . 	1
, howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another . 	0
will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 	1
with spikes of sly humor 	1
ungainly movie 	0
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard . 	1
regret and , ultimately , 	0
elegance and 	1
a difficult time 	0
buoyant delivery 	1
most inventive directors 	1
its luckiest viewers 	1
visually striking and slickly staged 	1
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . 	1
unsettled 	0
is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 	0
recommend snow dogs 	1
you would n't want to live waydowntown , 	0
a brutal and funny 	1
in all its director 's cut glory 	1
, may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . 	1
captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury 	1
an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton . 	0
into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music 	0
farts , urine , feces , 	0
a big time stinker 	0
artful , watery tones 	1
that 's better than its predecessor 	1
bad luck and their own immaturity 	0
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but 	0
some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics 	1
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings 	1
, retrospectively , his most personal work yet . 	1
just because it seems obligatory 	0
improves on it , 	1
bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love . 	1
it 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . 	0
this woefully hackneyed movie 	0
murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed 	0
pretentious types 	0
to the power of women to heal 	1
an original idea 	1
is banal in its message and the choice of material 	0
all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	1
a whole lot of nada 	0
the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , 	0
hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction . 	1
collateral damage is trash , 	0
a miraculous movie 	1
very dark and very funny 	1
prostituted muse 	0
is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . 	1
he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty 	1
was chuckling at all the wrong times 	0
it 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart . 	1
seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar 	1
's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters 	1
formulaic 	0
an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion 	1
lame screenplay 	0
running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 	0
bad way 	0
seems worse for the effort . 	0
of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen 	1
overflows 	1
austerity and forcefulness 	1
sensational denouements 	1
studiously inoffensive 	0
a gem of a movie . 	1
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise . 	1
that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 	0
say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets 	0
may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations 	1
would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . 	0
it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity 	1
one long 	0
honest and loving 	1
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but 	1
( a ) mess 	0
to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned 	1
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders 	1
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . 	0
this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 	1
this charming but slight tale 	1
, and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth 	0
involved . 	1
inane 	0
teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing 	0
that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off 	0
faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers 	1
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story 	1
highly predictable 	0
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing . 	0
the community 	1
he wants you to feel something 	1
better than its predecessor 	1
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent . 	0
a complete waste of time . 	0
is very believable 	1
shoot themselves 	0
mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary 	0
sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests 	1
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite . 	0
the self-destructiveness 	0
lightweight but appealing . 	1
its courage , 	1
feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards 	0
makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective 	1
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear 	1
ambiguous enough to be engaging 	1
it holds itself 	1
with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers 	1
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but 	1
pulpy core conceit 	0
has never been smoother or more confident 	1
is at once intimate and universal cinema . 	1
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen . 	1
the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope 	1
brilliant and 	1
he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . 	1
cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense 	1
lack of thematic resonance 	0
's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects . 	1
her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera 	1
halle berry does her best to keep up with him 	1
lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- 	0
of profound characterizations 	1
the thrills pop up frequently 	1
drags the film 	0
manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 	1
the numerous scenes of gory mayhem 	0
of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form 	0
arrogant 	0
for self-deprecating comedy 	1
overlong and not well-acted 	0
cheapo animation 	0
i laughed at 	1
whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned 	0
perform entertaining tricks 	1
the harsh reality of my situation 	0
a guilty pleasure 	1
small but rewarding comedy 	1
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting 	1
closer than many movies 	1
a party political broadcast 	0
dumb high school comedy 	0
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism . 	0
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection 	1
bluster and 	0
a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters 	1
but dull and ankle-deep ` epic 	0
of the elements that will grab you 	1
exceptionally 	1
engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 	1
bless crudup 	1
it 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor . 	1
the limitations of his skill and 	0
wazoo and sets 	0
the final day of the season 	1
something rare and riveting 	1
as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code 	1
a class with that of wilde 	1
i have a confession to make : i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy 	0
's good 	1
of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 	0
cutting-edge 	1
a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 	0
's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting . 	0
like a bad idea from frame one 	0
highly professional film 	1
be an attempt at hardass american 	0
rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . 	1
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . '' 	1
manages to bring something new into the mix 	1
by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness 	1
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations 	1
has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy 	0
could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person 	0
a sense of wonder 	1
of the rotting underbelly of middle america 	0
its uncanny tale 	1
nonsensical and 	0
her grace 	1
inconsequential move 	0
will enjoy it 	1
snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i 	0
nothing distinguishing 	0
the finest 	1
error 	0
my ribcage 	1
, the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . 	1
for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek , they 'll probably run out screaming . 	0
this dreary mess 	0
subjective 	0
lags badly 	0
adding the rich details 	1
breaks no new ground and 	0
these characters become wearisome . 	0
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing . 	1
stereotypes in good fun 	1
lax and 	0
in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 	0
with a game supporting cast 	1
, showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 	0
less charitable 	0
if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances . 	0
that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking 	1
in white 's intermittently wise script 	1
end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards 	0
high-minded appeal 	1
fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat 	1
insane 	0
likeable characters 	1
that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic . 	0
excruciatingly 	1
armed with a game supporting cast , 	1
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , 	1
the courageous molly craig 	1
work because there is no foundation for it 	0
you 're engulfed by it . 	1
true for being so hot-blooded 	1
devastation 	0
is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city 	1
comedy , caper thrills 	1
a damn fine and 	1
liar 	0
the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin 	0
the four primary actors 	1
purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 	1
bad improvisation exercise 	0
cussing 	0
, funny and poignant 	1
's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins . 	1
uninspired scripts , acting and direction 	0
anger and frustration 	0
repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 	0
the sword fighting is well done and 	1
, full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . 	1
when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 	0
will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement 	1
hit that may strain adult credibility 	0
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , 	0
graphic treatment 	1
an apartheid drama 	0
, fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	1
you 've got a huge mess 	0
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men . 	1
an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product 	1
striking and 	1
undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense 	0
balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other 	1
love a joy to behold 	1
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick 	0
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) 	1
hefty helping 	1
an amazing slapstick instrument 	1
's coherent , well shot 	1
under-inspired 	0
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 	0
an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players 	1
all the right ways 	1
easily one of the best and most exciting movies 	1
plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting 	0
dullest irish pub scenes 	0
smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . 	1
wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . 	1
as intellectual masterpieces 	1
provocative drama 	1
this gender-bending comedy 	1
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy . 	0
the insinuation of mediocre acting 	0
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic . 	0
casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired 	1
is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	1
are some movies that hit you from the first scene 	1
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress 	1
had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . 	0
add up to a satisfying crime drama 	1
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait 	1
ou 've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane . 	1
for with its heart 	1
love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today 	1
classic story 	1
a whimper 	0
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source 	0
executed it takes your breath away 	1
spite of it 	1
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... 	1
flaws , 	0
rich 	1
hallmark card sentimentality 	0
a great missed opportunity 	0
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved 	0
you actually buy into 	1
the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies 	1
do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile 	0
's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb . 	1
recent past 	1
a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie . 	0
the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store '' 	0
is n't going to jell 	0
, witty and beneath 	1
a nifty plot line 	1
is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation 	1
has n't been worth caring about 	0
's awfully entertaining to watch . 	1
high hilarity 	1
laughed that hard 	1
a monster movie 	1
unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy 	0
a sense of mystery 	1
outside his grasp 	0
like something wholly original 	1
genre a bad name . 	0
tedious 	0
offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid 	0
the teen-exploitation playbook 	0
of dreamlike ecstasy 	1
timeless and 	1
anyone 's guess 	0
sweet , funny , charming , 	1
, and enjoyable 	1
is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon . 	1
eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made 	0
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity 	1
it 's a dark , gritty story but 	1
come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	1
obscenity is at hand 	0
a beautiful paean to a time long past . 	1
the forest 	1
a beautifully observed character piece . 	1
the script 's refusal 	0
a solid action pic 	1
a movie of riveting power and sadness . 	1
you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	0
indignant 	0
make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice 	1
gut-busting 	1
kill michael myers for good 	1
the filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment . 	1
dave barry 's 	1
argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works 	1
a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama 	0
loyal 	1
he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . 	0
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film 	1
gives everyone something to shout about . 	1
it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy 	0
violence 	0
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . ' 	1
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment 	1
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and 	1
one feels cheated 	0
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished 	1
its love 	1
less-than-thrilling 	0
that you and they were in another movie 	0
enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem 	1
is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump . 	0
trashy time 	0
did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 	0
best actor 	1
the writing is insipid 	0
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory ... 	1
viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances . 	0
sham actor workshops 	0
satirical touches 	1
disjointed 	0
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it 	1
sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors . 	1
, told well by a master storyteller 	1
life affirming and heartbreaking , 	1
of the bride 's humor is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . 	1
canny crowd pleaser 	1
exploiting molestation for laughs 	0
dull exposition 	0
neatly and effectively 	1
the beat of a different drum 	1
and undemanding armchair tourists 	0
technical achievement 	1
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres 	1
a mindless action movie 	0
it 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period 	1
long after this film has ended 	1
a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world . 	1
most sparkling 	1
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo 	0
possess the lack-of-attention span 	0
puppies with broken legs 	0
his outstanding performance as bond in die 	1
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . 	0
becomes simply a monster chase film 	0
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art 	0
the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast 	1
a beautiful film 	1
disappointments i 	0
is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in 	0
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational 	1
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making 	1
their cruel fate 	0
long-winded 	0
magic and is enjoyable family fare . 	1
drowned out 	0
its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful 	1
for this illuminating comedy 	1
captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece 	1
god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . ' 	0
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof 	0
contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art 	0
steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 	0
embraced by this gentle comedy 	1
if the suspense never rises to a higher level 	0
deeply concerned with morality 	1
do n't need to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california 	0
the film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? 	1
who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 	0
rocks . 	1
hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you 	0
more recent successes 	1
of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days 	1
starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery 	1
is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 	0
thrown-together 	0
accentuating , 	1
has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people 	1
die 	0
, the film is deadly dull 	0
check your brain at the door 	0
a bit cold and relatively flavorless 	0
while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere 	0
confuses its message with an ultimate desire 	0
a silly comedy 	0
excellent work 	1
tormented by his heritage 	0
walked away from this new version of e.t. 	0
the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart . 	1
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple 	1
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ... 	0
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : 	1
any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject 	0
a stunning film , 	1
affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things . 	1
, cry and realize , ` it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . ' 	1
is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime . 	1
are priceless 	1
the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . 	0
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight 	0
and verbal clichés 	0
had , lost , and got back 	1
should have been made for the tube . 	0
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington 	1
overweight and out of shape 	0
an engaging , 	1
first shocking thing 	0
unsubtle 	0
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply 	1
better characters , some genuine quirkiness and 	1
sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll 	1
greater 	1
creepy and believable 	1
i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen . 	0
fails on its own , but 	0
his film crackles 	1
is loopy and ludicrous 	0
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love 	1
basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 	0
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece 	1
but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one . 	1
that is richer than anticipated 	1
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and 	1
tendentious intervention 	0
a lousy script 	0
one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' . 	1
by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion 	0
, obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 	0
the resourceful amnesiac 	0
, in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 . 	0
glorified sitcom 	0
find the small , human moments 	1
as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form 	1
is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory . 	0
's worth taking the kids to 	1
with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated 	1
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative . 	0
fall apart 	0
crime drama fare 	1
boring and meandering 	0
has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness 	1
the greatest date movies 	1
a visual treat 	1
priggish 	0
it 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story 	1
evokes 	1
you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably 	0
will find it more than capable of rewarding them . 	1
are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid 	0
as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 	0
is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap . 	0
assured , vital and 	1
super - violent , 	0
visual appeal 	1
, and of telling a fascinating character 's story 	1
content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 	1
is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people 	0
beauty 	1
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy . 	0
the film is a good one 	1
over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while 	1
is sadly 	0
really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes 	1
instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust . 	0
there 's no good answer to that one . 	0
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching 	1
the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects 	0
know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too 	0
nonjudgmental 	1
loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature 	1
most repellent 	0
chokes on . 	0
stallion of the cimarron is a winner . 	1
a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable 	1
exit the theater 	0
below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 	1
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard . 	0
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart 	1
this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 	1
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 	0
interesting developments 	1
a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out 	1
under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure 	0
the amazing film work 	1
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter 	1
his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present 	0
it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity 	1
bold 	1
are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances 	1
for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 	1
borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism 	1
is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life 	1
it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree 	1
a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation . 	1
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... 	1
that sense of openness , the little surprises 	1
of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting 	1
's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident 	0
as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks 	1
when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 	0
as banal as the telling may be 	0
bigger , fatter heart 	1
provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . ' 	1
sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 	0
again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 	0
sick and evil woman 	0
shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream 	0
fresh and 	1
ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers 	1
allows nothing 	0
an absolute joy 	1
luminous 	1
as a science fiction movie , `` minority report '' astounds . 	1
, the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned . 	1
emotionally satisfying exploration 	1
to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	1
has a funny moment or two 	1
is creepy 	0
also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults 	1
to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes 	1
than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 	0
character piece 	1
claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains . 	1
hugely imaginative and successful casting 	1
remarkable piece 	1
daft by half ... 	0
the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes 	0
is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture 	0
washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration . 	1
is just sooooo tired 	0
instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge 	0
is no rest period , no timeout 	1
is nicely 	1
with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach 	1
hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , 	0
they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes 	0
more diverting and thought-provoking 	1
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni 	0
draws the audience 	1
becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course 	0
, dumb and derivative horror 	0
continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	0
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , 	0
the same problems 	0
merchant ivory productions 	1
absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel . 	0
wind chimes 	1
of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture 	0
is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends 	1
as one of the great films about movie love 	1
rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film . 	1
's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are 	0
that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 	0
stupid , derivative horror film 	0
teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside 	1
of the gross-out comedy 	0
the 1980s 	0
a perfect family film 	1
has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff 	0
barbarism 	0
endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long 	0
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . 	0
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness 	0
be good 	1
fascinating glimpse 	1
to its great credit 	1
is the far superior film . 	1
honest and 	1
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times 	0
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire 	1
action - mechanical . 	0
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and 	1
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but 	1
most thoughtful 	1
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth . 	1
place for a great film noir 	1
serious and thoughtful 	1
certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . 	1
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and 	0
objectivity and refusal 	0
the power of their surroundings 	1
excited that it has n't gone straight to video 	1
is long gone 	0
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . 	0
serious soul 	1
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but 	0
humor and heart and 	1
, ' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . 	0
be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days 	0
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem . 	0
really quite funny . 	1
as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , 	1
turns the marquis de sade into a dullard 	0
the tinny self-righteousness of his voice 	0
compellingly 	1
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 	0
intelligence 	1
may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie 	0
acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 	0
salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon 	1
that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk . 	1
the acting is just fine , 	1
, relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . 	1
alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures . 	1
nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while . 	1
a welcome relief 	1
is , alas , no woody allen . 	0
contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama . 	0
rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright 	0
uncluttered , resonant gem 	1
for a painful ride 	0
the scripters do n't deserve any oscars 	0
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city 	1
a reasonably entertaining sequel 	1
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and 	1
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense . 	1
contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be 	1
will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness 	0
our best achievements and 	1
summer-camp talent show 	0
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte 	1
a funny and touching film 	1
naipaul fans may be disappointed . 	0
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view . 	1
inarticulate 	0
a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 	0
it 's more than a worthwhile effort 	1
frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . 	1
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance . 	0
mordantly funny and intimately knowing 	1
this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises . 	1
giggling 	1
decay 	0
leaves shockwaves 	1
's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy . 	0
's that good . 	1
swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor 	1
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment . 	1
funniest jokes 	1
half-baked setups and sluggish pacing 	0
unfortunately 	0
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination 	0
like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion 	0
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and 	1
otherwise good movie 	1
in swank apartments , clothes and parties 	1
to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing 	1
fierce , glaring and unforgettable . 	1
has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . 	1
a good race , 	1
boorishness 	0
warmth , wit and interesting characters 	1
it 's boring 	0
you ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone . 	0
japan bustling 	1
it gets to you . 	1
the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 	1
may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . 	1
be as intelligent 	1
a french film with a more down-home flavor 	1
a mindless action flick 	0
at the expense of character 	0
is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel 	0
then biting into it and finding the filling missing 	0
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial . 	0
sitcomishly 	0
that do n't really care for the candidate 	0
have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime 	1
shoplifts shamelessly 	0
a study in schoolgirl obsession 	0
several cliched movie structures : the road movie 	0
it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients . 	1
to cliches and pat storytelling 	0
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . 	1
an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater 	1
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest . 	0
feeling guilty 	0
scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph 	1
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling 	0
the leanest and meanest 	1
alternately fascinating and frustrating 	1
pretty 	1
heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic 	1
crush each other 	0
who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces 	0
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you 	1
a provocative piece of work 	1
a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell 	0
shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling 	1
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem 	0
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough . 	1
the pianist ( is ) a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . 	1
, we had no trouble sitting for blade ii . 	1
two fine , nuanced lead performances 	1
's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona 	1
fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 	1
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 	1
duvall 's 	1
fu 	0
one moment 	1
the hero 's odyssey 	1
( f ) rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative 	1
created a monster but did n't know how to handle it 	0
sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening 	0
there 's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever . 	0
refresh 	1
creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine 	1
before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro 	1
is a slight and uninventive movie 	0
chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine 	0
ill-conceived and expensive 	0
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment . 	0
to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	1
to mention absolutely refreshed . 	1
echo of allusions 	1
tanks 	0
, secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 	1
as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 	0
dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff . 	0
strolls through this mess with a smug grin , 	0
read my lips 	0
misconstrued as weakness 	1
touched by this movie 	1
suspenseful horror movie 	1
eventually cloying pow drama . 	0
, there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . 	0
top japanese animations 	1
how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm 	1
a thin notion 	0
the beautiful images and solemn words 	1
who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	1
he has no clue about making a movie 	0
posing as a real movie 	0
more than people 	1
it 's fun , 	1
that kidman has become one of our best actors 	1
that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 	0
have a reasonably good time with the salton sea 	1
sweet without the decay 	1
flinging their feces 	0
with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them 	0
is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory 	0
of great actors hamming it up 	0
the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course 	0
the wonderful cinematography 	1
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie 	1
is as predictable as the tides . 	0
the dark 	0
do n't say you were n't warned 	0
sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? 	0
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy 	0
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . 	1
everett remains a perfect wildean actor 	1
the essence of magic 	1
i liked about it 	1
grown-up film 	1
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising . 	0
a rare and lightly entertaining 	1
stuffy , full of itself , 	0
particularly innovative 	1
the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims . 	1
is enough to give you brain strain 	0
its moving story 	1
to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you 	1
often contradictory 	0
leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout 	0
very touching 	1
gentle , mesmerizing 	1
as appalling as any ` comedy ' 	0
a passionately inquisitive film 	1
a glib but bouncy bit 	1
( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality 	1
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title 	0
, ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . 	1
awfully good , achingly human picture 	1
thrills and extreme 	1
, memorable cinematic experience 	1
from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes 	0
favor 	1
... is , also , frequently hilarious . 	1
sharp as the original 	1
desperate attempt 	0
petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars 	0
dangerous 	0
spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion 	0
living far too much in its own head 	0
most magical and 	1
is certainly easy to watch . 	1
well paced and satisfying 	1
in fact , it 's quite fun in places . 	1
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 	0
is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid 	0
comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . 	1
may pick up new admirers 	1
steals so freely from other movies and 	0
in marriage 	1
breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill . 	1
hard to understand 	0
turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special 	1
to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 	0
fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic 	0
if it 's filmed tosca that you want 	1
to create something original 	1
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom 	0
who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 	1
creeps 	0
an exhilarating experience . 	1
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more . 	0
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin . 	0
take me back to a time before i saw this movie 	0
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse 	1
that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 	1
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . 	1
star power , 	1
energetic and sweetly 	1
of wit and dignity 	1
amiable picture 	1
niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press 	1
moving and weighty 	1
catch it ... if you can 	1
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style . 	0
times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp 	0
gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers . 	1
retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode 	1
thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films 	1
's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding . 	0
little melodramatic , but with 	0
now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects 	1
vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all . 	1
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned 	0
how admirably 	1
starts off so bad 	0
punctuated by flying guts 	0
fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original 	0
could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy 	0
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy . 	0
religion that dares to question an ancient faith , 	1
's mildly interesting 	1
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory . 	1
to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits 	0
make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school 	0
the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller . 	1
of credible gender-provoking philosophy 	1
of sensual delights and simmering violence 	1
none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits 	0
a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop 	0
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy . 	0
mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved 	0
presented with great sympathy and intelligence 	1
this is one summer film that satisfies 	1
to the point of ridiculousness 	0
like a term paper 	0
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 	1
with sensitivity and skill 	1
's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie . 	0
to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	0
falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 	0
an inexpressible and drab wannabe 	0
, never rises above the level of a telanovela . 	0
has its redundancies 	0
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary . 	0
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' 	1
contrived and predictable 	0
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and 	1
stupid , 	0
vietnam war 	0
's a rare window on an artistic collaboration . 	1
moving and not infrequently breathtaking film 	1
90-minute , four-star movie 	1
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little 	0
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , 	1
well-crafted film 	1
that have all but ruined his career 	0
is an ` action film ' mired in stasis . 	1
this is even better than the fellowship . 	1
is still charming 	1
wonderful cinematography 	1
quite one of the worst movies of the year 	0
a sophisticated flower child 's 	1
) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	0
ki-deok 	1
that memorable 	1
be forgettable 	0
excellent music 	1
has not spawned a single good film 	0
is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity 	1
well-written and occasionally challenging social drama 	1
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job 	1
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books 	0
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . 	0
with promise 	1
reel in the audience 	1
the concert footage is stirring 	1
clean and 	1
less mature 	1
horrible movie 	0
to inject farcical raunch 	0
the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look 	0
in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications 	1
could hardly ask for more 	1
graceful dual narrative 	1
to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 	0
a listless climb 	0
involved , 	1
among the many pleasures 	1
combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller . 	1
the humor wry 	1
whose engaging manner and flamboyant style 	1
is n't as weird as it ought to be . 	0
strength and sense 	1
its punchy style promises 	1
is quite beautiful 	1
is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer 	1
virtually plotless 	0
as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out 	0
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation 	1
is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . 	1
you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson 	0
throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling 	0
that even he seems embarrassed to be part of 	0
sickeningly real 	1
radical action 	1
complete shambles 	0
whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented 	0
brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch 	0
beautiful and mysterious 	1
forgotten 10 minutes 	0
its convolutions 	0
then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 	0
a talking head documentary , but a great one 	1
begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain 	0
story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' 	1
if it had just gone that one step further 	0
a persuasive 	1
, this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 	1
that 's its first sign of trouble . 	0
monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough 	1
attractive and talented 	1
takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading 	0
perversely 	0
seemingly sincere personal reflection 	1
wrap the proceedings up neatly 	1
's the perfect cure for insomnia 	0
death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets 	0
emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt 	1
a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year 	1
mind-bender . 	1
's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again 	1
with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style 	1
own brilliance 	1
deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf 	0
such a good job of it 	1
is the drama within the drama 	1
and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable . 	1
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults . 	1
their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable 	1
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- 	1
peevish 	0
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star 	1
as crisp and to the point 	1
wears its empowerment 	1
greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise 	1
... a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school . 	0
the punch lines 	1
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . 	0
a generic international version 	0
visually masterful work 	1
grows boring despite the scenery 	0
wannabe film -- 	0
need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter 	0
the best sports movie i 've ever seen . 	1
love sweetly 	1
the movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth . 	0
obsessively 	0
, it 's a very very strong `` b + . '' 	1
made a more sheerly beautiful film 	1
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 	0
a lovely film for the holiday season . 	1
that make williams sink into melancholia 	0
skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor . 	1
in other words , it 's badder than bad . 	0
messing 	0
dabbles all around 	0
cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . 	0
, scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting . 	1
merely bad rather than 	0
the strain of its plot contrivances 	0
by anne-sophie birot 	1
have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered . 	0
strangely 	0
a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion 	0
banter-filled comedy 	1
, you 'll still have a good time . '' 	1
, hole-ridden plotting 	0
poo-poo jokes are ` edgy 	0
hurried , badly cobbled look 	0
know what it wants to be 	1
to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place 	0
adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism 	1
is so thoughtlessly assembled . 	0
the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows 	1
are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort 	0
smug or sanctimonious 	0
just lazy 	0
is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables 	0
to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line 	0
intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	0
intriguing and realistic 	1
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . 	0
be better as a diary or documentary 	0
this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend 	1
filming the teeming life 	1
is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters 	0
landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs 	1
romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale 	1
everything meshes in this elegant entertainment 	1
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment 	0
hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion 	0
enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out 	1
disappointingly 	0
a badly edited , 91-minute trailer 	0
throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? 	0
whether jason x is this bad on purpose 	0
the pleasure of watching them 	1
impossible 	0
but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches 	0
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities 	1
should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . 	1
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me 	0
the actors ' perfect comic timing and 	1
different than anything that 's been done before 	1
paean 	1
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director 	1
in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem 	1
's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience 	0
is just fine 	1
, endearing , masterful 	1
intriguing , provocative 	1
unnoticed and underappreciated 	0
satisfying complete picture 	1
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film 	1
sublimely beautiful 	1
that real natural , even-flowing tone 	1
hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	0
the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes 	0
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material . 	1
is hartley 's least accessible screed yet 	0
is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else 	0
suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies 	0
encumbers itself with complications 	0
for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance 	1
he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 	0
that gave people seizures 	0
a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout 	1
horribly wrong 	0
a beautiful film , 	1
... it 's robert duvall ! 	1
to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries 	0
speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates 	1
woven together handsomely 	1
to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses 	0
to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone 	0
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them 	0
kooky which should appeal to women 	1
hand it to director george clooney 	1
is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime 	1
the only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub . 	0
maddeningly 	0
complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore 	0
a manipulative whitewash 	0
the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet . 	1
at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways 	0
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often 	1
more confused , less interesting and more 	0
portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... 	1
much of the action takes place 	1
a worldly-wise and very funny script 	1
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... ( it ) comes off like a hallmark commercial . 	0
a terrible adaptation 	0
revealing nothing 	0
is a tart , smart breath of fresh air 	1
what 's most memorable about circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb . 	1
love 's 	1
marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i 	1
thanks to the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation 	1
lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting 	1
an overflowing septic tank 	0
penetrating , potent exploration 	1
must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . ' 	0
be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers 	1
prefabricated story elements 	0
musical numbers 	1
of loving 	1
i thought the relationships were wonderful , 	1
, interest can not be revived . 	0
outside of burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken 	0
is cumbersome 	0
a calculating fiend or 	0
this deeply affecting film 	1
then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . 	0
payne has created a beautiful canvas , 	1
equals the sum of its pretensions 	0
's not very well shot or composed or edited 	0
parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature . 	1
wickedly funny 	1
lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' 	0
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . 	0
of almost bergmanesque intensity 	1
a sharp movie 	1
's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media 	1
, you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 	0
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . 	0
positively thrilling combination 	1
energy and geniality 	1
same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it 	1
split up so that it can do even more damage 	0
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience . 	1
for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls 	1
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation 	1
the lively intelligence 	1
reasonably intelligent 	1
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity . 	0
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case 	0
is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure 	0
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . 	1
just sneers 	0
inspirational prep-school professors 	1
congrats disney on a job 	1
collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension 	0
dull 	0
irritatingly 	0
originality , humor and pathos 	1
more mature 	1
botching 	0
the concentration 	1
skillful and 	1
's such a mechanical endeavor ( that ) it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it 	0
the dead ( water ) weight of the other 	0
fallen 	0
rude and crude humor 	0
can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 	1
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding 	0
a choppy , surface-effect feeling 	0
, but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds . 	1
it ) comes off like a hallmark commercial 	0
something original 	1
it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness 	1
cause parents a few sleepless hours 	0
truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy 	1
he has at least one more story to tell : his own . 	1
grief drives her 	0
constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination 	1
an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . 	1
is n't . 	0
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful . 	0
see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one 	0
actor to lead a group of talented friends astray 	0
sucking 	0
manage to keep things interesting 	1
the gorgeous piano 	1
acumen 	1
and paper-thin supporting characters 	0
won 	1
any reasonably creative eighth-grader 	0
eloquent clarity 	1
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either 	0
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding 	1
happens to be that rarity among sequels 	1
the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself 	1
wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk 	0
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film . 	1
that do n't care about being stupid 	0
this movie just goes on and on and on and on 	0
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , 	1
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives . 	1
that it 's offensive 	0
even though i could not stand them 	0
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character 	0
prime 	1
taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all 	0
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , 	1
watchable 	1
rise above its disgusting source material 	1
to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll 	1
are certainly welcome 	1
fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . 	1
its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves 	1
of nazi politics and aesthetics 	0
treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures 	1
presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care 	0
adults behave like kids 	0
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy 	1
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue . 	1
both inspiring and pure joy 	1
every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 	0
shame americans 	0
uncomfortable movie 	0
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs 	1
handheld 	1
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' 	0
b.s. one another 	0
exquisitely performed 	1
a live-wire film 	1
if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster . 	1
a funny little movie 	1
crudity 	0
that only self-aware neurotics engage in 	0
the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy 	0
before the plot kicks into gear 	1
is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins . 	0
uninspired story 	0
the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it . 	0
comedy goes 	1
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say 	0
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes 	0
taking them 	1
blown 	0
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , 	1
been there , done that , liked it much better 	0
on mgm 's shelf 	0
of denial 	0
wow 	1
from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather 	0
dripping with cliche and 	0
she 's pretty and 	1
narcissism and self-congratulation 	0
a compelling yarn , but not quite a 	1
nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	0
immensely 	1
about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family 	0
offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux . 	1
have fun in this cinematic sandbox 	1
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon 	1
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced . 	1
casual filmgoers 	1
poor hermocrates and leontine 	0
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic . 	0
who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship 	0
irredeemably awful . 	0
deeply touching melodrama 	1
for industrial-model meat freezers 	0
deliver 	1
... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller . 	1
no aspirations 	0
sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story 	1
mildly engaging central romance 	1
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . ' 	0
his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles 	0
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time . 	1
gripping and 	1
figures prominently in this movie , 	1
's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 	1
middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics 	0
blaxploitation 	0
is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . 	1
at their noble endeavor 	1
is so bad , 	0
of one man 's quest to be president 	1
know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or 	0
that it 's inauthentic at its core 	0
's brilliant 	1
the quirky and recessive charms 	1
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , 	1
valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone 	0
, unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness 	0
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . ' 	0
parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit 	1
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away 	0
this mess 	0
of obnoxious 	0
find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash 	0
feels at odds with the rest of the film 	0
to lend some dignity to a dumb story 	0
stress ` dumb . ' 	0
inane , humorless and under-inspired 	0
the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . 	0
a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system 	1
something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense 	1
rote drivel 	0
rough-hewn vanity project 	0
the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers 	0
subtlety and warmth 	1
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated 	0
-- do n't worry 	1
shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary 	0
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered . 	0
often intense character study 	1
work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative 	0
of whimsy 	1
good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again 	1
a funny no-brainer 	1
in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances 	1
satire and unabashed sweetness 	1
inconclusive ending 	0
strong directorial stamp 	1
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life 	1
cool . 	1
not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like 	0
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . '' 	0
as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice 	0
astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap 	0
leatherbound 	1
, i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 	0
the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . 	1
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about . 	0
the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them . 	1
adaptation 's success 	1
genitals 	1
nearly epic 	1
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it . 	1
proceeds to flop 	0
a fine , 	1
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy 	0
kind of terrific 	1
intricate preciseness 	1
his most personal 	1
well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts . 	0
, the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 	0
jolie 's hideous yellow 	0
made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such 	0
disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel 	0
will leave fans clamoring for another ride 	1
their perceptiveness about their own situations 	1
fuse at least three dull plots 	0
notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness 	1
be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain 	1
becomes distasteful and downright creepy 	0
terrific story 	1
if you think it 's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy the hot chick . 	1
garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man 	1
you 're too interested to care . 	1
is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import 	1
biased 	0
warm , fuzzy 	1
's funny , 	1
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , 	0
the charm and little 	1
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control . 	0
obsessive love 	1
of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic 	1
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye . 	1
it could have been something special 	0
works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely 	1
because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 	0
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very 	0
is frequently overwrought and crudely literal 	0
works so well 	1
is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre 	1
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful . 	1
appalling , 	0
interested in entertaining itself 	1
a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion 	1
is wise 	1
its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work 	0
himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success . 	1
vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny 	0
an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture 	1
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... 	0
serenity 	1
funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot 	1
a radiant character portrait 	1
schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view . 	1
most unpleasant things 	0
psychotic 	0
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience . 	0
to the head of the class of women 's films 	1
psychological thriller 	1
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . 	0
its sense of fun or energy 	1
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake . 	1
could have -- should have -- been allowed 	0
sade achieves the near-impossible 	1
makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks 	0
pretend the whole thing never existed 	0
rip off 	0
better than sorcerer 's stone 	1
is beautiful 	1
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry . 	0
decides 	1
cold , nervy and memorable . 	1
making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives 	1
british comedy 	1
brilliant motion picture 	1
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... 	0
see this movie with my sisters 	1
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's 	1
the most entertaining moments 	1
to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally 	1
compelling dramatic means 	1
its sheer dynamism 	1
reveals itself 	1
large rewards 	1
freely 	1
easily accessible stories 	1
sulky teen drama and 	0
sports-movie triumph 	1
knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade 	1
with some laughs and a smile 	1
a smutty guilty pleasure 	1
none of them are ever any good 	0
this is n't a new idea . 	0
it 's true 	1
to be too great 	1
there 's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity . 	0
a powerful look at a failure of our justice system 	1
both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting 	1
sleep-inducing thriller 	0
delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance 	1
warned 	0
the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog 	0
adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining . 	1
is more in love with strangeness than excellence . 	1
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and 	1
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas . 	0
scariest movie 	1
, duty and friendship 	1
tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage 	1
all the stomach-turning violence 	0
hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness 	1
uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest 	0
its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case 	1
are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching 	1
is worth searching out . 	1
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids 	1
workmanlike in the extreme 	1
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch . 	0
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but 	1
you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins 	0
other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 	0
strays past the two and a half mark 	0
marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture 	0
dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances 	0
cinematic tragedies 	0
, ` blade ii ' just does n't cut it 	0
a much funnier film with a similar theme 	1
hyper-realistic images 	1
a stylish cast 	1
wondrous love story 	1
charming result 	1
emotional depth 	1
disney 's great past 	1
life-altering 	1
sneaks up on you 	1
find little of interest 	0
davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy 	1
among the best films of the year 	1
goofy way 	1
a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect 	1
between realistic characters 	1
a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario 	1
driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	0
lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception . 	1
at cheapening it 	0
're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two 	0
's not too much of anything . 	0
it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch . 	1
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise 	1
riveted to our seats 	1
as their natural instinct for self-preservation 	1
of the delusional personality type 	0
that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself 	1
be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness 	0
hitting below the belt 	0
at once both refreshingly different and 	1
in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie 	1
brought to life on the big screen . 	1
poor editing , bad bluescreen 	0
sparse but oddly compelling 	1
it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss . 	1
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining . 	1
as another key contribution 	1
provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . 	1
subzero version 	0
gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful . 	1
shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that 's something i would rather live in denial about 	0
of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) 	0
it 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long . 	0
nothing 's happening 	0
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . 	0
to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion 	1
the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing 	0
full of life and small delights -- 	1
to imagine acting that could be any flatter 	0
a well-deserved reputation 	1
the rotting underbelly of middle america 	0
remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics 	1
the working 	1
such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 	1
magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy 	1
impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial 	1
good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone 	0
a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking 	1
the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt 	1
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas . 	0
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style 	1
the most unpleasant things 	0
believable and 	1
's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good . 	1
heartwarming 	1
's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd 	1
a pleasant and engaging enough 	1
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking 	1
awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 	1
because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length 	0
funny stuff 	1
's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument 	1
every note rings false . 	0
a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or 	0
a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese 	1
brought down 	0
's also somewhat clumsy . 	0
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . 	1
have been kind enough to share it 	1
a huge mess 	0
quiet 	0
time stinker 	0
will win you over , in a big way 	1
, it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later . 	1
something impressive and yet lacking about everything 	1
a fascinating study of isolation and frustration 	1
have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking 	1
raw emotion 	1
wholesome fantasy 	1
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it . 	1
will be occupied for 72 minutes . 	1
an unmistakable , easy joie 	1
odd and 	0
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , 	1
you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge 	0
egypt from 1998 	1
is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) 	0
a certain robustness 	1
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast . 	1
only dull 	0
the amateurish 	0
, but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés . 	0
thanks 	1
a load of good 	1
a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it . 	0
's always disappointing 	0
to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned 	1
feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama 	0
as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	1
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama . 	1
a compelling look 	1
in some delightful work on indie projects 	1
gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls . 	1
and much better 	1
whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid 	0
understands the grandness of romance 	1
seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . 	0
through a prism 	0
as daring as john ritter 's glory days 	1
is one that should be thrown back in the river 	0
moron 	0
overladen 	0
as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough 	1
the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs . 	1
home alabama 	1
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work . 	0
might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill 	0
a reasonable degree 	1
first and foremost ... the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . 	1
is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . 	0
the worst in otherwise talented actors 	0
flawed 	0
a conventional but heartwarming tale 	1
of strong voices 	1
the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 	1
how both evolve 	1
one of the worst films of 2002 	0
to merely bad rather than painfully awful 	0
is handsome 	1
mostly martha is mostly unsurprising 	0
in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	0
growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and 	1
a total misfire 	0
turn it off 	0
sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life 	0
another first-rate performance 	1
excellent latin actors 	1
frighteningly fascinating 	1
and dreary piece 	0
a mall movie designed to kill time 	0
relatively nothing 	0
after all , it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies . 	0
hideous yellow 	0
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music . 	1
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . 	1
found his groove 	1
dimness 	0
simply a re-hash of the other seven films 	0
the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film 	1
this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm . 	0
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema . 	1
spiteful idiots 	0
a horrible movie 	0
a consistent embracing humanity 	1
the theater wondering why these people mattered 	0
powerful and astonishingly vivid 	1
fright 	0
should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans 	0
a larger-than-life figure 	1
that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people 	0
this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . 	0
ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations . 	0
wonderful creatures 	1
stay for the credits 	1
the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget 	1
's because relatively nothing happens . 	0
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose 	1
restage the whole thing 	0
characteristically startling visual style 	1
ultimately satisfying 	1
, mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick . 	1
having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded 	0
a country skunk 	0
revitalize 	1
showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	0
palatable presentation 	1
to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools 	0
camouflaging grotesque narcissism 	0
when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars 	1
enjoy this movie 	1
to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own 	1
( i ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , 	1
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them 	1
in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake 	0
as the worst kind of hubristic folly 	0
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place 	0
refused to gel 	0
's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming 	1
metropolis is a feast for the eyes . 	1
if the film is well-crafted and this one is 	1
is reliable 	1
in fact , even better 	1
the early and middle passages 	1
it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose 	1
allowing us to find the small , human moments , and 	1
an eminently engrossing film 	1
timeless spectacle 	1
comic chiller 	1
of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain 	0
one thing 's for sure -- if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head 	0
a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings 	1
greatest adventure 	1
comeback 	1
fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster 	1
resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors 	1
very distinctive sensibility 	1
an after school special 	1
with their charisma 	1
are well done and perfectly 	1
this cliche pileup 	0
too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff 	0
it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered 	1
go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance 	1
this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground . 	1
a dazzling dream 	1
enjoy themselves 	1
genre cliches 	0
satisfies with its moving story 	1
the cinematic equivalent 	1
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters . 	1
be funny , uplifting and moving , 	1
the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure . 	0
cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 	0
a great companion piece to other napoleon films 	1
a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed 	0
decent-enough nail-biter 	1
picture that does not move . 	0
engrossing melodrama 	1
as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia 	0
film : honest 	1
`` minority report '' astounds . 	1
, as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , 	0
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , 	1
wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare 	0
too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman 	0
is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 	0
there surrender $ 9 and 	0
seem authentic 	1
heartwarming and 	1
bust 	0
` grandeur ' shots 	1
, the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 	0
being wickedly funny and just plain wicked 	1
... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot . 	0
to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street 	0
new york locales and sharp writing 	1
evolve 	1
united states 	1
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience 	0
exercise in style and mystification . 	1
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing 	1
to conceive anyone else in their roles 	1
broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs . 	0
fewer gags to break the tedium 	0
dodge 	1
trying to get out 	1
that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another 	0
is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . 	1
come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick . 	0
dark pit 	0
honored screen veteran 	1
realized on the screen 	1
is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . 	1
finds a nice rhythm 	1
which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience 	1
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home 	1
to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 	0
mysterious , 	1
conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- 	0
gives devastating testimony 	0
whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth 	0
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest . 	1
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 	0
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny . 	0
is a great film 	1
wonder . 	1
the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face . 	0
the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	1
the holes in this film remain agape 	0
coy but exhilarating 	1
whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . 	0
brutally clueless 	0
with pointless extremes 	0
irreconcilable 	0
leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love . 	1
sensual and 	1
winning , heartwarming yarn 	1
assault 	0
it is clearly a good thing . 	1
suspenseful argentinian thriller 	1
more colorful , more playful tone 	1
will anyone who is n't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ? 	0
of hopeful 	1
is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . 	1
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse 	1
weak script 	0
you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits 	0
becomes a sermon for most of its running time . 	0
damning and damned compelling . 	1
the five writers 	1
any fiction 	1
, decisive moments 	1
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought . 	0
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ? 	0
'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 	1
worthy substitute 	1
its plot contrivances 	0
allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier 	0
does sound promising in theory 	1
this cinderella story 	1
` in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . ' 	0
slopped 	0
smeary and blurry , 	0
a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening 	0
the less charitable might describe as a castrated 	0
the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 	0
-- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness 	0
a visual delight and 	1
for originality of plot 	1
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama . 	1
could force you to scratch a hole in your head 	0
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort . 	1
, surprising romance 	1
preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera . 	1
detailed down to the signs on the kiosks 	1
palpable chemistry 	1
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics . 	1
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and 	0
makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment 	1
broad racial insensitivity 	0
my enjoyment 	1
these two literary figures , and even the times 	1
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and 	0
despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype . 	0
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- 	1
freakshow 	0
authentically 	1
every single scene 	1
salvation 	1
that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries 	1
this movie proves you wrong on both counts . 	1
jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , 	0
, truly bad 	0
whole package 	1
moldering 	0
of animation enthusiasts of all ages 	1
possibilities 	1
complete lack 	0
when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters 	1
transcend its clever concept 	1
is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . 	1
carries us effortlessly from darkness 	1
make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience 	1
can find humor 	1
a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . 	0
first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting . 	1
infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart 	1
delivers the goods 	1
has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative 	0
rich and exciting 	1
there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 	1
stock footage 	0
intelligent and 	1
to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore 	0
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus . 	0
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin . 	0
can take credit for most of the movie 's success 	1
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity 	1
desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics . 	0
an enjoyable trifle 	1
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say . 	0
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , 	0
you 're willing to have fun with it 	1
is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt . 	1
will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories 	0
proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	1
a tale worth catching 	1
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' 	0
allows americans to finally revel in its splendor 	1
it offers large rewards 	1
they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 	1
usual fluttering and stammering 	0
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated . 	1
made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire 	0
its courage , ideas 	1
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about . 	0
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , 	1
its welcome with audiences several years 	1
rival 	0
pure composition and 	1
share no chemistry or engaging charisma . 	0
makes for a touching love story , 	1
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore . 	1
a meaty subject 	1
does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity 	1
birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . 	1
exploitation picture 	0
here leaves a lot to be desired 	0
pathetically 	0
superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . 	1
goofiest 	1
strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 	0
from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 	0
its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion 	1
exposé , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . 	1
is definitely horse feathers 	0
parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . ' 	0
be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around 	0
cute alien creature 	1
to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had 	0
all the small moments and flashbacks 	1
comfort 	1
entertaining two hours 	1
in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 	1
a wonderful , imaginative script 	1
just how bad 	0
find love in the most unlikely place 	1
extremely flat lead performance 	0
-- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english 	1
character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller 	1
with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn 	1
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is 	1
the scariest movie 	1
sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron 	1
fling 	1
thinking man 	1
ingenious and often harrowing 	1
revenge-of-the-nerds clichés 	0
takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . 	0
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn 	0
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . 	1
after next 	1
is predictable at every turn . 	0
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness 	0
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior . 	1
the wit and revolutionary spirit 	1
about each other against all odds 	1
all that matters 	1
even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . 	1
odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic 	0
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 	0
this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	0
content and narrative strength 	1
it 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns . 	0
wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial 	0
a grand tour 	1
its clumsiness as its own most damning censure 	0
blasphemous and 	0
gore for suspense . 	0
shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting 	1
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling 	0
should drop everything and run to ichi 	1
gutsy 	1
, i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . 	0
never thought i 'd say this 	1
strong and 	1
a 20-car pileup 	0
tiresome nature 	0
this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen . 	1
a fresh infusion 	1
good , dry , reliable textbook 	1
pitiful 	0
that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary 	1
expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time 	0
getting a more mature body 	1
hilarious dialogue 	1
little revision works 	1
about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth 	1
, the hours represents two of those well spent 	1
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie 	0
, combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture 	0
faked 	0
predictable plotting 	0
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior 	0
story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material 	0
the best films of the year 	1
loss and loneliness 	0
adorable 	1
masterfully calibrated 	1
nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor 	1
into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes 	1
's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is 	1
intense , claustrophobic 	0
more compelling 	1
an established filmmaker 	1
hollywood romance 	1
is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material 	0
an intriguing species 	1
beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates . 	1
with added depth and resonance 	1
one of the best films 	1
the allegory with remarkable skill 	1
has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels 	0
offbeat sensibilities 	1
a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore 	1
like the work of someone 	1
strikes hardest 	1
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and 	0
is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground . 	1
mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 	0
inelegant 	0
gedeck 	1
or `` suck '' 	0
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film . 	1
succumbs to gravity and plummets 	0
is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump 	0
comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited 	0
provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . 	1
, sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness . 	0
green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that 	0
's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 	0
that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie 	1
comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter 	0
various amusing sidekicks 	1
deeply out of place in what could have 	0
director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood 	1
be well worth your time 	1
are sweet and believable , and 	1
forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone 	0
it pretends to investigate 	0
it 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name . 	0
viva le resistance 	1
magnificent directorial career 	1
won -- and wins still 	1
niro performance 	1
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists 	1
, energetic and sweetly whimsical 	1
his imagination so vivid 	1
its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation 	1
timely and 	1
is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations 	1
an important movie , or even a good one 	1
be bad 	0
evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while . 	1
, point and purpose 	1
put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life . 	0
ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting 	1
all the sibling rivalry and 	0
the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice 	0
his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family 	0
is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors 	1
you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 	0
sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that 	1
moving , and adventurous directorial debut 	1
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched . 	1
the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism 	0
the most compelling performance 	1
dangerous and domineering 	0
too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style 	0
spell things out for viewers 	0
offbeat humor , amusing characters , and 	1
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . 	1
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it 	1
slow pacing 	0
crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction . 	0
suits the script 	1
are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d . 	1
a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie 	0
it 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . 	0
a spiritual aspect 	1
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie 	0
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment . 	1
spare but quietly effective retelling . 	1
both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	1
one fantastic visual trope 	1
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is 	1
a trend 	0
sad but endearing 	1
... also one of the most curiously depressing 	0
gushing 	1
are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 	1
easily 	1
has no clue about making a movie 	0
would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	1
scummy 	0
low comedy 	0
sham actor workshops and an affected malaise 	0
required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come 	1
phoney-feeling 	0
might be intolerable company 	0
will surely be profane , politically 	0
exceptional film 	1
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others . 	1
dying for this kind of entertainment 	1
flows as naturally 	1
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . 	0
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame . 	0
with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names 	0
, 91-minute trailer 	0
are often funny fanatics 	1
of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar 	1
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense . 	0
d ) 	1
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , hélène angel is definitely a director to watch . 	1
is familiar but enjoyable 	1
in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay 	1
a wooden delivery 	0
with superb performances throughout 	1
villain 	0
as an actress in a role 	0
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 	0
tawdry b-movie scum 	0
that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film 	1
family-friendly 	1
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year 	1
precious circumstances 	1
the lengths 	1
marveling 	1
for the better 	1
figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats 	1
`` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . 	1
to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 	0
what 's invigorating about 	1
must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride 	1
has no character , loveable or otherwise 	0
who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 	1
hate myself most mornings . 	0
cho 's latest comic set 	1
invaluable historical document thanks 	1
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine 	0
even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player 	1
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly 	1
resembling humor 	1
comes off like a hallmark commercial 	0
of that special fishy community 	1
clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . 	0
throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue 	0
talented and notorious subject 	1
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . 	0
to find an old flame 	1
gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . 	1
come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another 	0
ploddingly sociological 	0
a funny moment or 	1
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron . 	1
an enthralling aesthetic experience 	1
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script . 	1
topics that could make a sailor blush 	0
heaven 	1
proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery 	0
do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are 	0
filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another 	1
readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 	0
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking . 	1
never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence 	0
its characters ' decisions 	0
great pleasure 	1
household name 	1
is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe . 	1
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic . 	1
has something interesting to say 	1
sell many records 	1
the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all 	0
that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women 	1
has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing . 	0
the film 's shortcomings 	0
's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do . 	1
follows the formula , 	0
that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise 	0
in a big corner office in hell 	0
cute partnership 	1
gets you riled up 	1
may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all 	1
( jeff 's ) gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent . 	1
inadvertent 	0
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters 	1
before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy 	0
emptiness and 	0
hokum but 	0
worthless 	0
of a paint-by-numbers picture 	0
grin 	1
, you might soon be looking for a sign . 	0
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery . 	1
that he forgets to make it entertaining 	0
watch with kids and use to introduce video as art 	1
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment 	1
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome 	1
far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins 	1
must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 	0
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling 	1
the kind of energy it 's documenting 	1
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , 	0
sharper 	1
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , 	1
wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller 	1
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless 	1
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... 	1
represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . 	0
the best actors 	1
bad reviews 	0
petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script 	1
the charms 	1
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty 	1
early work 	1
ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling 	0
their memorable and resourceful performances 	1
into one terrific story with lots of laughs 	1
steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph 	1
engrossing and grim 	1
it drowns in sap . 	0
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic 	0
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something 	0
the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman 	1
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured . 	0
with this masterful 	1
remind us 	1
a rather listless amble down 	0
is not , nor will he be , back 	0
no way original 	0
of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids 	0
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws 	0
bona fide 	1
an inventive , 	1
shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels 	0
cult favorite 	1
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . ' 	0
bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling 	1
somber , absurd , 	0
convey a tiny sense of hope 	1
may marginally enjoy the film 	1
deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies 	1
many ways the perfect festival film : 	1
a question for philosophers , not filmmakers 	0
hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	0
with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it 	1
just how much more grueling and time-consuming 	0
to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen 	0
with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes 	0
wizened 	1
it drags 	0
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh . 	1
characterization , poignancy , and intelligence 	1
, kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . 	1
`` pretty woman '' wanted to be 	1
arduous 	0
suspense , 	1
barely tolerable 	0
their shallow styles 	0
a brilliant motion picture 	1
buoyant feeling 	1
falls somewhat short 	0
one of the worst movies of one year 	0
that never springs to life 	0
, it has some problems 	0
brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel 	1
, desiccated talent 	0
mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress 	0
with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 	1
sharp objects 	1
are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal 	0
will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then 	0
it 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 	1
begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 	0
the deliberate , tiresome ugliness 	0
a sterling ensemble cast 	1
they may be as history 	0
guarantee 	1
we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . 	0
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself . 	1
the only problem 	0
quite enough of them 	1
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but 	0
will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one 	0
asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in 	0
comic set 	1
certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either . 	0
is reasonably entertaining 	1
left on a remote shelf 	0
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and 	0
deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell 	0
such clarity 	1
've completely lowered your entertainment standards 	0
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation 	1
major waste 	0
their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes . 	0
like to ride bikes 	1
sincere and artful 	1
a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 	0
soulful gravity 	1
mindless without being the peak of all things insipid 	0
is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . 	0
better celebration 	1
slick production values 	1
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy . 	1
is fully formed and remarkably assured 	1
line between passion and pretence . 	1
undisputed scores a direct hit . 	1
people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it 	0
to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget 	0
profound cinema 	1
in spite of its predictability 	0
flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	0
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry 	1
is sentimental 	1
pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve 	1
go but down 	0
too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice 	0
a feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about . 	0
sets out 	1
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while 	1
aging sandeman 	0
tinny self-righteousness 	0
happy 	1
achieve 	1
'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . 	0
it 's hardly watchable 	0
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison . 	0
twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 	1
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . 	0
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack 	1
goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering 	1
lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan 	1
'' is never lethargic 	1
can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art 	0
is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . 	1
all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another 	1
rousing , 	1
stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory 	1
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 	0
for children 	1
very predictable 	0
bad rock concert 	0
for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 	1
elaborate continuation 	1
was a freshman fluke 	0
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant . 	0
ill-fitting 	0
watch these two 	1
to be distasteful to children and adults alike 	0
most breezy movie 	1
a cruel deception 	0
hated myself in the morning 	0
but darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats . 	1
seem so impersonal or even shallow 	0
the strength 	1
just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . 	1
one very funny joke and 	1
's pathetic 	0
that it 's the butt of its own joke 	0
drowned me in boredom 	0
to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year 	0
ambitious film 	1
not remotely incisive enough 	0
's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . 	1
terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project 	0
it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . 	0
's just plain lurid 	0
spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . 	0
bad animation and mindless violence 	0
academic 	1
preposterous , prurient 	0
workmanlike 	1
be drawn in by the sympathetic characters 	1
of love that strikes a very resonant chord 	1
of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic 	0
the tale with bogus profundities 	0
a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical 	1
` moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . ' 	0
a well-made pb & j sandwich 	1
mediocre special effects 	0
's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot . 	1
british stage icon 	1
has a film 's title served such dire warning . 	0
that was n't at least watchable 	0
lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants 	0
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey . 	0
it 's icky . 	0
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope 	1
's a brazenly misguided project 	0
character-driven storytelling 	1
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . 	0
it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy 	0
trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge 	0
can not engage . 	0
this is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 	0
but no sense of pride or shame 	0
like their characters 	1
illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , 	1
unsentimental 	0
elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior 	1
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind 	1
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time 	1
is a tribute 	1
comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness 	1
the irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb 	1
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome . 	1
it 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style . 	1
campanella 's competent direction 	1
sparkling 	1
for its sheer audacity and openness 	1
farce and blood-curdling family intensity 	1
that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 	0
restrained and 	0
entertaining british hybrid 	1
coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings 	0
the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 	0
a hoot 	1
something has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise . 	0
to dumb down the universe 	0
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out 	0
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper 	1
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure 	0
shameful 	0
too narrow to attract crossover viewers 	0
inspiring 	1
disastrous 	0
relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius 	1
the animation and game phenomenon 	1
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , 	0
backwater 	1
it 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters . 	1
an expiration date passed a long time ago 	0
sexy , surprising romance 	1
enjoyed themselves 	1
everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy 	0
may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark 	0
they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about . 	0
this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own . 	0
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity 	1
in other words , about as bad a film 	0
a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it 	1
's just tediously bad 	0
brooding and slow 	0
graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 	1
the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of 	0
emotionally satisfying 	1
rusted-out 	0
have nothing better to do with 94 minutes 	0
that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him 	1
than a spy thriller like the bourne identity 	1
about kicking undead *** 	1
sandler is losing his touch 	0
build a feel-good fantasy 	1
who does n't think about percentages all day long 	1
generally smart casting 	1
fails to keep it up and 	0
stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise 	0
just another teen movie 	0
that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most 	0
lovely 	1
did they not 	1
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter 	1
is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable 	0
's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie 	0
was so endlessly , grotesquely , 	0
that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all 	1
while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , 	1
yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ... 	0
not , difficult and sad 	0
curves 	1
... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . 	0
is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . 	1
made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 	1
the heart and 	1
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and 	1
lulls you 	0
it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 	1
weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids 	1
sorrow 	0
completely creatively stillborn and 	0
occasionally interesting 	0
of a very lively dream 	1
's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . 	1
transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem 	1
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 	0
enthusiastically 	1
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip 	1
some effecting moments 	1
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph . 	1
on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee 	1
then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear . 	0
adding the rich details and 	1
affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror 	1
caddyshack 	1
is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out 	1
it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s 	0
too bad kramer 	1
it 's quite diverting nonsense . 	0
laugh therapy ' 	1
goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . 	0
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages 	1
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads 	0
of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma 	0
independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood 	0
that led to their notorious rise to infamy 	1
lustrous 	1
, intimate and intelligent 	1
it 's all bluster and cliché 	0
is so thoughtlessly assembled 	0
statements and dime-store ruminations 	0
repugnant 	0
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . 	0
hollow , self-indulgent , 	0
a degree of affection rather than 	1
weird amalgam 	0
greatest hits 	1
it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth . 	1
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets 	0
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time 	1
savagely hilarious 	1
valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious 	0
not one clever line 	0
privileged moments and 	1
clever and funny 	1
to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt 	0
so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar 	1
is at 22 a powerful young actor 	1
undermining the movie 's reality and 	0
comedically labored 	0
a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair 	1
nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history 	1
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score 	1
let-down 	0
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring . 	1
is all over the place , really . 	0
well worth 	1
one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination 	1
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name . 	0
wiggling energy 	1
bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 	0
superb performances throughout 	1
scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic 	1
a worthwhile glimpse 	1
is clever and funny , 	1
a fairly enjoyable mixture 	1
takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point 	1
unspeakably , unbearably dull 	0
is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . 	0
quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to 	1
be madcap farce 	0
most edgy 	1
an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance . 	0
that is often quite rich and exciting 	1
jackass 	0
of being the big 	0
pompous and garbled . 	0
oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly 	0
were a series of bible parables and not an actual story 	0
david letterman and the onion 	1
its recent predecessor miserably 	0
the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand 	0
to the otherwise bleak tale 	0
spirit-crushing 	0
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and 	0
should please history fans 	1
the cast is appealing 	1
's awfully entertaining to watch 	1
as katzenberg 	1
be invented to describe exactly how bad it is 	0
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic . 	0
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull 	0
a more measured or polished production 	1
worthy addition 	1
deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them 	0
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece 	1
can be made 	1
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion . 	1
a powerful and deeply moving example 	1
of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families 	0
affirming and heartbreaking 	1
crossing-over 	1
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book adaptations . 	1
thud 	0
the plot ` surprises 	1
, self-indulgent and maddening 	0
this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 	0
spellbinding fun 	1
make the stones weep 	1
flat-out amusing , 	1
astonishing ... ( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment . 	1
from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 	0
feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time 	0
'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve 	1
expected flair 	1
to his son 's home 	1
itself is far from disappointing , offering an original 	1
's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . 	0
talented , charismatic and tragically 	1
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music 	1
would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris 	0
is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm . 	0
dramatically forceful 	1
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - 	0
its heart 	1
exceedingly clever 	1
he delivers fascinating psychological fare 	1
the ` wow ' factor 	0
need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work . 	1
feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority 	1
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but 	1
be seen as hip , winking social commentary 	1
make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool 	1
have the patience for it 	0
unfairly 	0
the problem 	0
humor 	1
keenly observed and refreshingly natural 	1
, that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 	0
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama . 	0
just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 	1
gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . 	0
the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy 	0
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are 	1
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure 	0
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side 	1
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . 	1
keen eye , sweet spirit 	1
gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . 	1
an overall sense of brusqueness 	0
with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film 	1
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; 	0
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative 	0
it has fun with the quirks of family life 	1
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and 	0
do n't even like their characters . 	0
suspenseful enough for older kids but 	1
fascinating experiment 	1
sleek and arty 	1
most alive 	1
probing or penetrating 	1
as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	0
the wild wild west 	1
seem like mere splashing around in the muck 	0
whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . 	1
do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version . 	0
found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound 	1
bittersweet 	1
silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films . 	0
viscerally repellent 	0
is a wonderful thing ; 	1
semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . 	1
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious . 	1
as-nasty - 	0
how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering 	0
, two towers outdoes its spectacle . 	1
your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door 	0
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; 	1
is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism 	0
exuberantly 	1
of poetry and passion 	1
unlaughable 	0
it 's good enough to be the purr 	1
, dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 	0
's exactly what these two people need to find each other 	1
this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem . 	1
plunging deeper 	1
to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song 	1
what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and 	0
continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision 	1
an elegant visual sense and 	1
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style 	1
like a glossy rehash 	1
wants 	1
more emotional force 	1
creeps into your heart 	1
simplistic and more than a little pretentious 	0
of its title character 	1
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , 	1
at once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge . 	1
of good 	1
this dubious product of a college-spawned ( colgate u. ) comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips . 	0
, let alone funny 	0
an extraordinary dramatic experience . 	1
splendidly 	1
that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 	0
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent 	1
the manner of a golden book sprung to life 	1
striking a blow for artistic integrity 	1
justifies its own existence 	1
on the strength of their own cleverness 	1
vile 	0
time out is as serious as a pink slip . 	0
be any flatter 	0
most immediate and most obvious pleasure 	1
a luis buñuel film 	1
wish you had n't seen 	0
fussy 	0
brutally dry 	0
airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 	0
hideous 	0
is almost an afterthought 	0
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt 	0
feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs . 	0
in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears 	1
pleasure to watch 	1
... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot . 	0
french cinema at its best 	1
whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply 	1
insightful enough 	1
lofty 	1
the film 's length becomes a part of its fun 	1
that offers no easy , comfortable resolution 	0
film to drag on for nearly three hours 	0
with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic 	1
must have been lost in the translation 	0
empty exercise 	0
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting 	0
disjointed mess 	0
emerges as powerful rather than cloying 	1
atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation 	0
by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out 	1
as the most offensive action 	0
all end 	1
is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often 	0
an excellent 90-minute film 	1
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece 	1
i walked out of runteldat 	0
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... 	1
( scherfig ) has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll . 	1
wild , endearing , masterful documentary 	1
is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins 	1
, `` minority report '' astounds . 	1
give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once 	1
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being 	0
comes off winningly , 	1
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy 	1
on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company 	0
can admire 	1
wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be 	0
, changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . 	1
a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains 	1
be numbing 	0
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it 	1
this dubious product 	0
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts 	1
though occasionally fun enough to make you 	1
pure disney 	1
has a true cinematic knack 	1
this laboratory of laughter 	1
audacious-impossible yet compelling 	1
're treading water at best in this forgettable effort 	0
a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn 	1
basic flaws 	0
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . 	0
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and 	0
they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood 	1
unfunny and 	0
wickedly fun 	1
romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks 	0
there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message 	0
, fits the bill perfectly 	1
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. . 	0
very strong 	1
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has 	1
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , 	0
( stephen ) earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have . 	1
qualities 	1
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in ... `` my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart 	1
predictable and 	0
of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore 	0
a bad clive barker movie 	0
a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art 	1
of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors 	1
is nicely shot , well-edited and 	1
usual intelligence and subtlety 	1
as it stands i 	1
which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard 	1
is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling 	1
rediscover the quivering kid inside 	1
the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	1
unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set 	0
its agonizing , catch-22 glory 	0
the acting is fine 	1
a terrible movie in every regard 	0
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , 	1
of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee 	0
i admire 	1
if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making 	0
compellingly 	1
to skip it 	0
their charm does n't do a load of good 	0
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script 	0
coos beseechingly 	1
the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar 	1
so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits 	0
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , 	0
vapid actor 's exercise 	0
the divine calling 	1
warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level 	0
slap me , i saw this movie . 	0
to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom 	0
this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . 	1
like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story . 	0
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters 	0
a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle 	1
treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going 	0
the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus 	1
none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal 	0
with great help from kevin kline 	1
hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . 	0
tov to a film about a family 's joyous life 	1
a frightful vanity film 	0
, there is n't much there here . 	0
uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch 	1
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience 	0
takes a backseat in his own film to special effects 	0
words and 	1
propaganda 	0
stimulate 	1
with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit 	1
a moving and important film . 	1
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up 	1
though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy 	0
is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family . 	1
beautifully read 	1
( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	0
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability 	0
dizzy 	0
the integrity 	1
are as subtle and as enigmatic 	1
the year 's greatest adventure , and 	1
hilariously , gloriously alive , 	1
is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 	1
provocative and prescient 	1
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . 	0
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair 	1
recent hollywood trip tripe 	0
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , 	1
first 	1
struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious 	0
even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances 	0
never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . 	0
a hallucinatory dreamscape 	1
put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario 	0
fake documentary 	0
appeals to you 	1
a fiercely clever and subtle film , 	1
making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... 	1
made for the tube 	0
michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . 	1
has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places 	0
saccharine as 	0
a particularly amateurish episode 	0
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices 	0
sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff 	0
tediously 	0
of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day 	1
should be punishable by chainsaw 	0
that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy . 	1
it succeeds . 	1
` this movie sucks . ' 	0
if there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . 	1
about as humorous 	0
fluffy neo-noir 	0
casting excellent latin actors of all ages 	1
dramatic punch and depth 	1
repulse 	0
pleasuring 	1
watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises . 	1
acclaimed 	1
a company of strictly a-list players 	1
the cinema world 's great visual stylists 	1
the entire exercise has no real point 	0
solidly constructed 	1
score 	1
high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation 	0
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but 	0
'' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff 	0
represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side 	1
most moronic 	0
murky cinematography 	0
is able to visualize schizophrenia 	1
this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama 	0
brims with passion 	1
always fairly 	1
for the memorable character creations 	1
an extraordinary faith 	1
inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack 	1
yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . 	1
watch and -- especially -- to listen to 	1
an interesting slice of history 	1
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary 	1
( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) 	0
sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue 	0
striking new significance 	1
while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part 	1
to be mildly amusing 	1
grown tired of going where no man has gone before 	0
bring out the cake 	1
thoughtful , emotional 	1
all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity 	0
that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence 	0
the suspense never rises to a higher level 	0
may fall fast asleep 	0
of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints 	0
a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film 	0
dirty jokes 	0
, it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . 	1
which ones shtick 	0
complaints i might have 	0
tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls 	0
, unconvincing dramatics 	0
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas . 	0
local flavor 	1
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium 	1
that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism 	0
, someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . 	0
the plot has a number of holes , and 	0
build some robots , haul 'em to the theater with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year . 	0
a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic 	1
a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism 	1
, far more meaningful story 	1
like a classroom play in a college history course 	0
, jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval . 	0
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels 	1
an enormous amount of affection 	1
dress up in drag 	0
jersey lowbrow accent uma 	0
own style 	1
she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain 	1
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving 	1
'' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year . 	1
does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . 	0
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and 	1
creates sheerly cinematic appeal . 	1
sense-spinning 	1
come to life 	1
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense . 	0
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them . 	0
, the plot 's saccharine thrust 	0
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch 	1
emptiness 	0
a rollicking adventure 	1
, despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun . 	1
denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag 	0
is authentic to the core of his being 	1
annoying orgy 	0
( orlando jones ) 	0
overly melodramatic ... 	0
often surprising twists 	1
bother thinking it all through 	0
an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 	0
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect . 	1
wooden dialogue 	0
a tedious picture 	0
cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you . 	1
some truly excellent sequences 	1
, satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 	0
even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . 	1
available 	1
abandoned , but 	0
very hollowness 	0
the rich details 	1
exceeds expectations . 	1
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious . 	0
gifted korean american stand-up 	1
the simple fact 	1
a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie 	1
there is a real subject here 	1
the film is competent 	1
none-too-original premise 	0
for a critical and commercial disaster 	0
bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary 	0
, flat drama 	0
the people laughing in the crowd 	1
the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 	1
is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate . 	1
... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself . 	0
balanced or fair 	1
by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy 	0
overbearing and over-the-top as the family 	0
unbridled delight 	1
my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ... 	0
miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . 	1
into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell 	0
their own mortality 	1
a fascinating glimpse 	1
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event 	1
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is . 	0
put you to sleep 	0
was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	1
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but 	0
puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it 	1
what punk rock music 	1
might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience 	0
images you wish you had n't seen 	0
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic 	0
in its bold presentation 	1
it 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances 	0
this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . 	1
the result is disappointing 	0
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes 	0
chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	1
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , 	1
simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy . 	1
walked out on a movie 	0
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and 	0
is powerful and provocative 	1
taken it a step further , richer and deeper 	1
all the hallmarks of a movie 	1
wonderfully speculative character 	1
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired . 	0
managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	1
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title 	1
squeeze a few laughs out of the material 	1
the sorriest and most 	0
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving . 	0
real humor 	1
collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy 	0
the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness 	0
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece 	1
does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us 	0
creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light 	1
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire . 	0
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences 	0
feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering 	0
vanity film 	0
are some fairly unsettling scenes 	0
venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival 	1
watered-down it almost loses what made you love it 	0
remarkably mature 	1
fall dreadfully short . 	0
the condescending stereotypes 	0
going to feel like you were n't invited to the party 	0
it 's definitely worth taking a look 	1
gives the film its lingering tug 	1
`` barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . 	1
of motherhood and desperate mothers 	0
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms 	0
guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 	0
dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy 	1
quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism 	0
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , 	1
flies out the window 	0
bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 	1
the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line 	0
secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving . 	1
one of the all-time great apocalypse movies 	1
sweet , genuine chemistry 	1
drags it 	0
real pleasure 	1
heavy-handed moralistic 	0
that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie 	0
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here 	1
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary 	1
see coming a mile away 	0
do what he does best 	1
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy . 	1
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness 	0
works as pretty contagious fun 	1
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility . 	0
berlin 	1
at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen 	1
as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies 	1
of the company 's astonishing growth 	1
unappealing 	0
its own staggeringly unoriginal terms 	0
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera . 	1
a coming-of-age movie 	1
were once amusing 	0
show blind date , only less 	0
as it turns out , you can go home again . 	1
human nature 	1
trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable 	1
's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before . 	0
as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you 	1
discord 	0
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , 	0
, it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 	0
the film starts promisingly , but 	0
sparkling beauty 	1
be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . 	0
playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a 	1
's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow . 	0
reassuringly familiar 	1
beloved genres 	1
that likely 	1
clearly evident poverty and hardship 	0
amusing from time 	1
the most thoughtful fictional examination 	1
with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit 	0
parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances 	1
without chills 	0
, overblown enterprise 	0
ignorant 	0
ambitious 	1
with scenes so true and heartbreaking 	1
beautifully crafted and 	1
in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon 	1
it 's not really funny . 	0
story and pace 	1
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy 	0
a powerful entity 	1
down-and-dirty 	0
funny feast 	1
ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense 	1
does display an original talent 	1
praises 	1
of the ultimate scorsese film 	1
fascinating , compelling story 	1
physical energy 	1
a gift 	1
to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies 	0
make the film relevant today 	1
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? 	0
as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs 	1
cute moments 	1
takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' 	0
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while . 	1
irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere . 	0
-- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 	0
like their romances to have that french realism 	1
the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script . 	0
be two hours gained 	1
humor and bite 	1
are really going to love the piano teacher 	1
growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body 	1
is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . 	1
of the worst movies of one year 	0
miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity 	1
grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion 	0
the everyday lives 	1
dumbed-down approach 	0
turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions . 	1
dynamism 	1
coma-like state 	0
feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful 	1
cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 	1
vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm 	1
sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 	1
vulgar 	0
winning and wildly fascinating 	1
is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . 	0
waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this 	0
that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough 	1
portuguese master manoel de oliviera 	1
banal and predictable 	0
that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture 	1
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun 	1
on a pedestal 	1
to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals 	1
god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage 	1
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 	0
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . ' 	0
strays 	0
often pointless 	0
setting off 	1
desirable 	1
of stale gags 	0
is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , 	0
gutless 	0
very complex 	1
an intriguing bit 	1
shines like a lonely beacon 	1
, it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . 	1
it lacks the detail of the book 	0
all movies 	1
see something that did n't talk down to them 	1
explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor 	1
in the characters you see 	1
huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine 	1
clarity and audacity 	1
hanging 	0
from a fine cast 	1
` drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . 	1
people have lost the ability to think 	0
frightening late fees 	0
littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups 	0
's also somewhat clumsy 	0
adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism . 	1
lift 	1
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , 	1
the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain . 	0
kids to watch too many barney videos 	0
a fun family movie 	1
about friendship , love , and the truth 	1
all-powerful , 	1
sweetly 	1
stale copy 	0
make paid in full worth seeing 	1
is so often less 	0
does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago . 	0
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch . 	1
its charm 	1
that the theme does n't drag an audience down 	1
they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 	0
that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low 	0
infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . 	0
did the screenwriters just 	0
still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . 	1
some soul 	1
it 's loud and boring 	0
there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair 	0
an essentially awkward version 	0
the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy . 	1
ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks 	0
those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 	1
the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug 	1
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness . 	1
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , 	1
purpose and finesse 	1
my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 	1
if you can push on through the slow spots 	0
is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach 	0
there 's a heaven for bad movies 	0
mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative . 	0
touchingly 	1
been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit 	0
maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity 	1
it 's a fantastic movie 	1
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity . 	1
big box office bucks 	1
is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director 	0
the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count . 	0
reeking of research library dust 	0
when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic 	0
proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations . 	0
brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans 	1
of joy and energy 	1
iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin 	1
press the delete key 	0
, shoot-em-up scene 	1
wonder of wonders -- 	1
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles 	1
to be spectacularly outrageous 	1
without lectures or confrontations 	1
singing long after the credits roll 	1
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five 	1
the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film 	1
the first half of sorority boys 	1
may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work . 	1
is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation . 	1
honest and loving one 	1
reveals itself slowly , 	1
ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang 	0
lucy liu never comes together 	0
that if the filmmakers just follow the books 	0
hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) 	1
that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory 	1
offers an intriguing what-if premise . 	1
human power 	1
that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form 	1
scenes and vistas and pretty moments 	1
a funny yet dark and seedy clash 	1
an unprecedented tragedy 	0
'll wait in vain for a movie to happen 	0
it 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year . 	1
several scenes of this tacky nonsense 	0
good-hearted 	1
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief . 	1
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 	0
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and 	1
as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy 	0
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional 	1
few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending 	0
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not 	1
's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer 	0
is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative 	1
message-mongering moralism 	0
a tawdry b-movie scum 	0
undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins . 	0
colorful 	1
casting call 	0
this fascinating -- and timely -- content 	1
a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	0
's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix . 	1
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness . 	0
berling and béart ... continue to impress , and 	1
is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back 	1
are so believable that you feel what they feel 	1
is never satisfactory . 	0
, unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope 	1
incomprehensible 	0
with every cinematic tool 	1
rival the filmmaker 's period pieces 	1
far-flung , 	0
oscar-caliber performances 	1
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy 	0
captivates and 	1
under his control 	1
skid-row 	0
it 's stupid 	0
their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	0
mostly undeterminable 	0
soap-opera quality twist 	1
melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project 	0
never inspired 	0
that this is n't something to be taken seriously 	0
see a devastating comic impersonation 	0
some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid 	0
kline 's superbly nuanced performance , 	1
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	0
self-consciously poetic 	1
this remarkable and memorable film 	1
love stories you will ever see . 	1
deserves a sequel 	1
surprisingly flat 	0
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , 	1
as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . 	1
this is classic nowheresville in every sense 	0
she ca n't provide any conflict 	0
is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten . 	1
simple , sweet and romantic comedy 	1
a fascinating examination 	1
` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation 	0
an impressive hybrid . 	1
its relaxed , natural-seeming actors 	1
an insultingly inept and artificial examination 	0
feels contrived , 	0
like a cold old man going through the motions . 	0
intriguing and honorable , 	1
that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks . 	0
to forgive that still serious problem 	0
minor-league soccer remake 	0
humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence 	1
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome . 	0
really a thriller 	1
mush 	0
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy 	0
the film 's problems 	0
a refreshingly forthright one 	1
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it . 	1
, hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity . 	1
a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans 	1
painful and refreshing 	1
, the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 	0
gentle , unforced intimacy 	1
a bit of heart 	1
an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs 	1
being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone 	0
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls . 	1
belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers 	1
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking . 	0
falling into the hollywood trap 	0
well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie 	0
that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be 	1
a group of extremely talented musicians 	1
much more ordinary 	1
through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse 	0
the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity 	1
cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . 	1
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film 	0
that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	0
the precious trappings 	1
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films . 	1
, i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks . 	1
undistinguished 	0
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 	0
natural-seeming actors 	1
is unusual but unfortunately also irritating 	0
of knucklehead swill 	0
filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . 	1
impeccable 	1
cross between highlander and lolita 	1
's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 	1
burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored 	0
prefer to keep on watching 	1
throwing up 	0
offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them 	1
the enterprise 	1
, and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 	1
seen as hip , 	1
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love 	1
wonderful but 	1
it ends up falling short as a whole 	0
makes this film special 	1
been better 	0
the story compelling 	1
self-indulgent 	0
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic . 	0
just plain dumb 	0
sacrifices its promise 	0
brisk delight 	1
their surroundings 	1
holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and 	1
his ( nelson 's ) screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting 	0
it 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it . 	1
a thrill ride 	1
shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers 	1
dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace 	1
of a good vampire tale 	1
is his best film 	1
we just do n't really care too much about this love story . 	0
polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . 	1
kurys ' direction is clever and insightful 	1
randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing 	0
artificial 	0
, there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . 	1
that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough 	1
at his most sparkling 	1
chilling tale 	0
italian freakshow 	0
mordantly funny and 	1
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner . 	0
the master of innuendo 	1
firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action 	0
deeply moving 	1
can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like ` masterpiece theatre ' type costumes 	1
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together . 	0
, tiresome nature 	0
named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort 	0
slow and ponderous , 	0
will likely be nominated for an oscar next year 	1
a smashing success 	1
, well-developed characters 	1
intriguing plot 	1
sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care 	1
a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists . 	0
glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . 	0
with morality 	1
groan and 	1
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen 	1
for fun-seeking summer audiences 	1
it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied 	0
smart and taut . 	1
to play one lewd scene after another 	0
the way this all works out 	1
future years as an eloquent memorial 	1
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , 	1
its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 	1
swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 	1
does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 . 	0
leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love 	1
a film in which the talent is undeniable 	1
to care about the character 	1
the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance 	1
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity 	1
, it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part 	1
you 're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri 	0
flawed support structure 	0
strong themes of familial ties and 	1
vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of 	0
dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie 	0
to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus 	1
weirdly likable 	1
likely to witness in a movie theater for some time 	1
intensely 	1
the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 	1
its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups 	1
that 's pure entertainment 	1
's an unhappy situation all around 	0
that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 	1
it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker 	1
unparalleled proportions 	1
a perfect show 	1
these women 's 	1
and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests 	1
a strong thumbs up 	1
she 's a pretty woman , 	1
artistic 	1
better than ` shindler 's list ' 	1
'' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . 	1
resonant gem 	1
a brutal 90-minute battle sequence 	1
the dull 	0
this tale has been told and retold ; 	0
conniving wit 	1
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement . 	0
smallness 	0
passion , creativity , and fearlessness 	1
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions 	1
most edgy piece 	1
seems twice as long 	0
revelatory about his psyche 	1
the slow parade of human frailty fascinates 	1
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : 	0
distinguish one sci-fi work from another 	1
an epic of astonishing grandeur 	1
all sides 	1
might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . 	0
sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy 	0
to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity 	1
idealism 	1
offers a guilt-free trip 	1
violent , self-indulgent and maddening 	0
paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller 	1
for but a few seconds 	0
sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that . 	1
the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 	0
with brutal honesty and respect for its audience 	1
you to accept it as life and go with its flow 	1
's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose 	0
packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message 	1
blood-curdling family intensity 	1
shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 	0
outstanding soundtrack 	1
limp biscuit 	0
seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release 	0
plays like a student film 	0
a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire 	0
noyce has worked wonders with the material . 	1
a great team 	1
deeper every time 	1
does not really 	0
are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 	1
kooky and overeager 	0
the biggest problem i have 	0
's an unhappy situation all around . 	0
drag as soon as the action speeds up 	0
a breath of fresh air now and then 	1
fresh again 	1
peerlessly 	1
a vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . ' 	0
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn 	1
slopped ` em together here 	0
the perverse pleasure 	1
makes the film special 	1
just the labor involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light 	1
punches 	0
put away the guitar , sell the amp , and 	0
dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated 	0
really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions 	0
does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) . 	0
independent-community 	1
's the inimitable diaz 	1
a great companion piece 	1
this fascinating look 	1
but something far more stylish and cerebral 	1
an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 	1
it washed out despite all of that 	0
illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . 	1
terrifically entertaining specimen 	1
emotionally and spiritually compelling journey 	1
uneasy 	0
have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama 	1
reggio 's 	1
gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner 	1
sex toys and offers 	0
conceivable 	1
the film seems as deflated as he does 	0
was a better film 	1
if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor 	0
even through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film . 	1
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy 	1
its personable , amusing cast 	1
pompous 	0
no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish 	0
of exceptional honesty 	1
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , 	1
can be a knockout 	1
the extravagant confidence 	1
intriguing and stylish 	1
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures 	0
this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation . 	0
is a depressing experience 	0
about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity 	0
the project should have been made for the tube . 	0
let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him 	1
does n't add up to much 	0
several old themes 	0
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . 	0
topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . 	0
's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	0
burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . 	0
a film that plays things so nice 	1
sexual jealousy , resentment 	0
technically sumptuous 	1
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent . 	1
self-determination 	1
a dentist 's waiting room 	0
at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar 	1
lacks the detail of the book 	0
and cinemantic flair 	1
succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape 	1
's surprisingly decent , 	1
elegant film 	1
of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking 	1
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . 	1
from stark desert 	1
a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department . 	1
supremely good natured 	1
, marvelously twisted shapes history 	1
digitally altered footage 	0
big stars and high production values 	1
, self-assured 	1
more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations 	0
milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title 	0
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip . 	0
is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , 	1
induce sleep 	0
uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year . 	1
, it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special . 	0
flat 	0
-- and it is n't that funny . 	0
because it 's lousy 	0
a characteristically engorged and sloppy 	0
wastes its time 	0
you there is no sense 	0
's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful . 	0
that 's superficial and unrealized 	0
a negligible work 	0
though the film is well-intentioned 	1
the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more 	1
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably 	1
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic 	1
laughing at his own joke 	0
does n't reach them 	0
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy . 	1
can depress you about life itself 	0
you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school 	0
extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles 	1
's a very very strong `` b + 	1
spirit 	1
short and sweet 	1
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message 	1
comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	1
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant 	1
is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string . 	1
swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes 	1
everything that 's good 	1
the boozy self-indulgence 	0
, it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 	0
fears 	0
left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 	0
it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary 	0
using his storytelling ability 	1
wishy-washy 	0
remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks 	1
picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch . 	1
cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle 	1
's tremendously moving 	1
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but 	1
, you can feel the love . 	1
surprisingly juvenile 	0
land beyond time 	1
a weak and ineffective ghost story 	0
'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time 	1
're - doing-it-for - the-cash 	0
of too many story lines 	0
a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate 	1
( n ) o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 	0
exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble 	1
lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded . 	0
to feed to the younger generations 	1
be liberating 	1
a compelling allegory 	1
, the film shatters you in waves . 	1
the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it 	0
a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural 	1
once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent 	0
this story about love and culture 	1
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory 	1
sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 	0
more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition 	1
which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance 	1
probably the best case for christianity 	1
best part ' 	1
it is a whole lot of fun and 	1
, my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe . 	1
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline 	1
serious critique 	0
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer . 	1
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short . 	0
of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years 	1
any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out 	0
for most movies , 84 minutes is short 	0
loss and denial 	0
it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous . 	0
the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it 	0
a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' 	1
unusually surreal tone 	1
conceited pap 	0
cool stuff 	1
... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable . 	1
actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	0
great missed opportunity 	0
not zhang 's forte 	0
hopkins , squarely fills the screen . 	1
happy gilmore or the waterboy 	1
achieving some honest insight 	1
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . 	1
perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff . 	0
watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert 	0
proves you wrong on both counts 	0
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . 	0
's lovely and amazing , 	1
's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film 	0
his ` angels of light 	1
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , 	0
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . 	1
but not great ) 	0
familiar , funny surface 	1
this unexpectedly moving meditation 	1
your own precious life 	1
as a touching , transcendent love story 	1
genre-busting film 	1
) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code 	1
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood 	1
exploitation flick 	0
brilliantly 	1
an unremittingly ugly movie 	0
be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form 	1
satisfaction 	1
remotely probing or penetrating . 	0
it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such 	0
propulsive 	1
hero 	1
talents 	1
asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life 	0
with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be 	0
, right-wing , propriety-obsessed family 	0
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down . 	0
flat 	0
like an overcooked soufflé 	0
, there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 	1
bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals 	1
great cinema can really do 	1
surprisingly 	1
innocent 	1
the astute direction of cardoso and 	1
for every cheesy scene 	0
spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion 	1
is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice . 	1
taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating 	0
by then 	1
told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times 	1
racism 	0
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines 	0
intelligent screenplay 	1
because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh 	1
an immensely entertaining look 	1
a meditation on faith and madness 	1
wistful new film 	1
is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad 	1
it 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads . 	0
, the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . ' 	1
chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special 	0
whose pieces do not fit 	0
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition 	1
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow 	0
it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . 	1
shoot 	0
of the previous two 	1
completely predictable 	0
low-grade dreck 	0
soulless jumble 	0
change the channel 	0
aspires 	1
is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago . 	0
increasingly incoherent fashion 	0
first-class , thoroughly involving 	1
ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory . 	1
right questions 	1
too-spectacular 	0
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula 	1
takes a slightly dark look at relationships , 	1
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and 	1
remains a chilly , clinical lab report 	0
're at the right film . 	1
has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt 	0
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . 	1
a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams 	1
neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are . 	0
a delicious crime drama 	1
afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket 	1
some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and 	1
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers 	1
an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema . 	1
hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out 	1
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency 	0
is almost certainly 	1
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant . 	1
did n't mean much to me and 	0
, thought-provoking new york fest 	1
that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed 	0
yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy 	1
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . 	0
crawlies 	0
highly entertaining 	1
a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen 	1
it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . 	1
around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life 	1
farcically bawdy 	0
most of its ilk 	0
savory 	1
badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 	0
remarkably 	1
why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain 	1
need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess 	0
... really horrible drek . 	0
breathe life 	1
smarter 	1
targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic 	0
a groundbreaking endeavor 	1
detailed historical document 	1
is n't as funny as you 'd hoped 	0
times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated 	0
'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it 	0
the most incoherent 	0
plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air . 	1
overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal 	1
a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias 	1
that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 	0
works its magic with such exuberance and passion 	1
sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism 	0
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore 	0
is moving 	1
, director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags . 	0
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and 	0
grand-scale 	1
ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves . 	0
made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort 	1
this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short 	0
by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers 	1
the dark theater 	0
laughing in the crowd 	1
takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera 	0
great character 	1
midway point 	1
a solid sci-fi thriller 	1
long for the end credits 	0
even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits 	0
fairly run-of-the-mill . 	0
it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless 	0
unhappy situation 	0
of patch adams quietly freaking out 	1
not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture 	1
somehow ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy . 	1
're all in this together 	1
the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses 	1
shows -- reality shows for god 's sake 	0
courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' 	1
something fascinating 	1
a shakespearean tragedy 	0
predictable and cloying , 	0
should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . 	0
playfully profound ... 	1
the movie is well done , but slow . 	0
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . 	1
've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is 	0
with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes 	1
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , 	0
, should n't have been made 	0
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable 	1
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional 	0
strongly reminiscent 	0
haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way . 	1
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist 	1
hodgepodge . 	0
that grew hideously twisted 	0
leave fans clamoring for another ride 	1
to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters 	0
bogged down 	0
throws away 	1
one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one 	0
a hilarious ode to middle america and 	1
quarter the fun of toy story 2 	0
that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 	0
muddled , repetitive and ragged 	0
but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 	1
, without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision 	1
cleverest 	1
bonus 	1
derailed by bad writing and 	0
too clever 	1
nothing really happens 	0
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt 	0
innovations and glimpse 	1
is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses . 	0
... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch . 	0
the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself 	0
the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism 	1
romp from robert rodriguez . 	1
it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism 	0
deeply biased 	0
one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year 	1
, the movie possesses its own languorous charm . 	1
, convincing 	1
is virtually unwatchable . 	0
ken russell would love this . 	1
are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . 	1
something rare and riveting : 	1
stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction 	0
adoring , wide-smiling reception 	1
injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 	1
despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . 	1
as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and 	1
does n't really believe in it , 	0
but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . 	1
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap . 	0
iranian drama 	1
no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country 	1
's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions 	1
fantasized 	1
big-screen experience 	1
faulty 	0
it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 	1
bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue 	1
watching it was painful . 	0
over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time 	1
finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom 	0
eloquent memorial 	1
, lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics . 	0
succeed 	1
masterpiece 	1
new relevance , 	1
retro-refitting exercise 	0
legs 	1
first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course . 	0
a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal 	1
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you . 	0
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- 	1
a romantic crime comedy 	1
delicious 	1
gentle , touching story 	1
safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen 	0
help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . 	1
excellent storytelling 	1
hard to like a film so cold and dead 	0
poetic tragedy 	0
a young woman who knows how to hold the screen 	1
makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera 	1
to do that is really funny 	1
have to admit that i am baffled by jason x. 	0
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this 	0
ends up delivering in good measure 	1
if you love the music , and i do 	1
this painfully forced , false and fabricated 	0
into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty 	0
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie 	1
has a sense of his audience 	1
what a thrill ride 	1
kind , 	1
out of sight 	1
made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention 	0
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit . 	0
'd prefer a simple misfire 	0
the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly 	0
an appalling , 	0
students that deals with first love sweetly 	1
poor acting 	0
hard to care 	0
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it 	1
independent film 	1
i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . 	1
nothing happens 	0
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic . 	1
starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers . 	0
one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else 	0
the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was 	0
ca n't possibly be enough 	0
that omnibus tradition called marriage 	0
this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . 	0
he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees 	1
manages not only 	1
is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery 	1
is hugely overwritten 	0
does display greatness 	1
a hundred of them can be numbing 	0
by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	0
endlessly repetitive 	0
real 	1
like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud 	1
coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings . 	0
uneven performances and a spotty script 	0
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . 	0
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny . 	1
show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen 	0
anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime 	1
's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us . 	1
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but 	1
away a believer again and quite cheered at just that 	1
amoral 	0
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout 	0
for an intelligent weepy 	1
as grant 's two best films 	1
the mysteries of human behavior 	1
is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved . 	0
it 's hard to say who might enjoy this 	0
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance 	1
timely than its director could ever have dreamed 	1
is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay 	0
diminishing his stature 	0
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction . 	1
're clueless and inept 	0
a great companion piece to other napoleon films . 	1
developed hastily 	0
to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance 	1
moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior 	1
fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides . 	0
in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 	0
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have 	0
by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense 	0
about 25 minutes of decent material 	0
for devotees of french cinema 	1
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity . 	0
predictable outcome 	0
borrows a bit from the classics `` wait until dark '' and `` extremities '' ... but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself 	1
get to an imitation movie 	0
trusts the story it sets out to tell . 	1
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances 	1
the ` laughing 	1
without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	1
so incredibly inane 	0
against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva 	1
the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 	1
distract 	0
cheap manipulation or corny conventions 	0
... it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy . 	1
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics . 	1
boisterous and utterly charming 	1
well integrated 	1
as boring 	0
the inspiration 	1
does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad 	0
the scariest guy you 'll see all summer 	1
the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way , 	0
that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties 	0
gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in 	1
criminal 	0
lacks in action 	0
get the same love story and 	1
i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short . 	0
resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... 	1
plaintiveness 	0
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart 	1
generate a lot of energy 	1
perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness . 	1
sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history 	0
put hairs on your chest 	1
is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity 	1
're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport 	1
a cute partnership 	1
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt . 	1
, and of the thousands thereafter 	1
more bizarre 	0
truly 	1
produce another smash 	1
, riveting and handsomely 	1
attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way 	0
offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject 	0
heart attack 	0
slow and dreary 	0
the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover 	1
is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 	1
that would set it apart from other deep south stories 	1
flawless film 	1
complications 	0
unendurable 	0
a small star with big heart 	1
are all direct-to-video stuff 	0
sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies 	1
hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny 	0
you would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit 	1
open-hearted film 	1
look so bad in a major movie 	0
sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst 	0
jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery 	0
odd , inexplicable and unpleasant 	0
her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human 	1
from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way 	1
why anyone should bother remembering it 	0
you 'll like it . 	1
lumps of coal 	0
( taymor ) utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . 	1
dramatic animated feature 	1
director juan jose campanella 	1
the funniest jokes 	1
's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long . 	0
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and 	0
but the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences 	0
being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be 	0
wrong 	0
had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 	1
classical 	1
phenomenal , water-born cinematography 	1
do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition . 	0
to investigate 	1
lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food 	1
as the treat of the title 	1
like a splendid meal 	1
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly . 	0
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least . 	1
... the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . 	1
allows us to chuckle through the angst 	1
is a great deal of fun 	1
odd purity 	1
which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 	1
gorgeous exterior photography 	1
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz . 	1
knucklehead 	0
intelligent high school 	1
dashing and resourceful hero 	1
do you 	1
to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving 	1
a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater 	1
'd rather watch them on the animal planet . 	0
gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny 	0
i ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ... 	0
find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; 	1
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , 	1
can truly be 	1
is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders . 	0
the funniest person 	1
just fine 	1
be lost on the target audience 	0
quite entertaining 	1
thrills , too many flashbacks 	0
too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . 	0
punchy dialogue 	1
the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow . 	0
michael myers for good 	1
from a consummate actor incapable of being boring 	1
go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid 	0
, provocative and vainglorious 	0
flounders under the weight of too many story lines 	0
miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . 	0
ringside seat 	1
start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line . 	0
gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful 	1
they have been patiently waiting for 	1
, the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability . 	0
a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation 	1
to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other 	0
adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong 	0
aching 	0
tear-drenched 	1
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile 	1
most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home . 	1
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero . 	0
it is n't entirely persuasive 	0
mesmerised 	1
the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be 	0
the benjamins that 's hard to resist 	1
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap 	0
hopefully inspire action 	1
plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter 	0
take before indigestion sets 	0
to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film 	1
steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . 	1
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa . 	0
ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side 	1
rosenthal ( halloween ii ) 	0
is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why 	1
what should have been a painless time-killer 	0
stirring road movie . 	1
rather brilliant little cult item 	1
from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	1
is just such an achievement . 	1
resonant 	1
is neither dramatic nor comic 	0
in heaven 	1
albeit a visually compelling one , 	1
all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head 	0
the most original in years 	1
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . 	0
should bolster director and co-writer 	1
few ` cool ' actors 	0
i must have failed 	0
is even lazier and far less enjoyable 	0
a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror 	0
, the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 	1
, doing its namesake proud 	1
been a lighthearted comedy 	1
been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster 	0
seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . 	0
distracted 	0
for the fine star performances 	1
enigmatic features 	1
is more fun than conan the barbarian 	1
both the scenic splendor of the mountains 	1
stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess 	0
half-baked 	0
irresponsible sandlerian 	0
have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode 	1
does n't have anything really interesting to say . 	0
this is a movie full of grace 	1
rip off that we were aware of 	0
seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested 	0
smacks of exhibitionism 	0
the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere . 	1
big mistake . 	0
're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned . 	0
packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 	0
under a rock 	0
make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs . 	1
overlong 	0
... pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism . 	0
, this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . 	1
is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us 	0
behind the project 	1
the capable cast 	1
passion , and genius 	1
deliver again and again 	1
one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible 	1
to protect your community from the dullest science fiction 	0
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or 	1
, loud , bang-the-drum 	1
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout . 	1
that is funny , touching , smart and complicated 	1
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots 	1
cinderella 	1
do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . 	0
, spiteful idiots 	0
`` the best disney movie since the lion king '' 	1
a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood 	0
not all that bad of a movie 	1
a bomb 	0
a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival . 	1
that woman 's doubts 	0
is wickedly fun 	1
the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening 	0
but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title . 	0
repeated 	0
taken the protagonists a full hour 	0
smartly written motion picture 	1
distinguished and thoughtful 	1
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . 	1
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and 	0
makes little attempt to give voice to the other side 	0
a web of dazzling entertainment 	1
'll love it and probably want to see it twice 	1
which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill 	1
to be a bit of a cheat in the end 	0
more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller 	1
celebrates universal human nature 	1
while dark water is n't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 	0
that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise 	0
makes the grade as tawdry trash 	0
that 's good enough . 	1
... a great , participatory spectator sport . ' 	1
tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender 	1
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity 	0
felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 	1
most savagely hilarious social critics 	1
emotionally malleable 	0
are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all . 	0
's really unclear 	0
agreeably 	1
sordid of human behavior on the screen 	0
too bad to be good 	0
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little 	0
looked like crap , 	0
attractive men 	1
's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns 	0
bears out as your typical junkie opera 	0
layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	0
like a tired tyco ad 	0
a one-of-a-kind tour de force 	1
deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill 	1
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation . 	1
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact 	0
the courage of its convictions and 	1
has its heart ( and its palate ) 	1
unsatisfied 	0
, but to his legend 	1
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan . 	0
's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context 	1
a kiss 	1
can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . 	1
dead-on in election 	1
and , 	1
unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach 	0
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting . 	0
knows it 's won 	1
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , 	1
to remain an unchanged dullard 	0
vulgarity 	0
rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings 	1
, the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans . 	1
compelling yarn 	1
humorous and heartfelt , 	1
a rather brilliant little cult item : 	1
potentially just as rewarding 	1
energetic and always surprising 	1
overuse 	0
never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free 	0
make for great cinema 	1
'll still have a good time 	1
of flatly 	0
pulse 	0
makes a nice album 	1
strong piece of work 	1
your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this 	1
attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design 	0
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies 	1
a lackluster script and substandard performances 	0
suffers because of its many excesses 	0
badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . 	0
garbage . 	0
is funny and looks professional . 	1
so-called satire 	0
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one 	1
tear-jerking 	1
are faithful to melville 's plotline , they 	1
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two 	1
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time . 	0
definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with 	1
fuss or noise 	0
's not really funny 	0
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and 	0
the best thing 	1
many definitions of ` time waster ' 	0
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before 	0
celebrated wonder 	1
heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind 	1
fascination 	1
fumbles the vital action sequences 	0
easy , seductive 	1
like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 	0
may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made 	1
at the absurdities and inconsistencies 	0
the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison 	0
into its intriguing subject 	1
all bluster and cliché 	0
his personal obstacles 	1
's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 	1
both refreshingly different 	1
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs . 	1
insults 	0
excellent performances 	1
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises 	0
, the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . 	1
like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy 	0
above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	1
the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	0
loneliness and desperate grandiosity 	0
his sweetness and vulnerability 	1
will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product 	0
the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games 	1
is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . 	1
remarkable new trick 	1
most multilayered and sympathetic female characters 	1
been worth caring about 	1
's still terrible ! 	0
with a chase to end all chases 	1
by turns very dark and very funny . 	1
never fails him 	1
a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic . 	0
stylish and moody 	1
episode ii -- 	1
begins as a seven rip-off , 	0
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there . 	0
a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt 	1
documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it 	0
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness 	0
produce adequate performances 	1
trailer-trash 	0
to a problem hollywood too long has ignored 	1
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools . 	0
uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely 	1
pandering 	0
love a disney pic 	1
worthwhile environmental message 	1
of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time 	0
is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen 	1
it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one 	1
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder . 	1
nimble shoulders 	1
by its awkward structure and a final veering 	0
analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . 	0
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . 	1
much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 	0
proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations 	0
a good cast 	1
the vital comic ingredient 	1
has its moments 	1
the tortured and self-conscious material 	0
made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 	0
to anyone who loves both dance and cinema 	1
no foundation for it 	0
very funny , heartwarming film 	1
completely serviceable and quickly forgettable 	0
most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy 	1
an all-time low for kevin costner 	0
resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 	0
manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt 	1
to be released in imax format 	1
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life 	1
good-time 	1
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it 	0
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse . 	1
evil 	0
with miscalculations 	0
the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers . 	1
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation . 	1
're in luck 	1
deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is 	0
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint 	1
over with 	0
cheapen the overall effect . 	0
that powerhouse of 19th-century prose 	1
professional 	1
his generation 's 	1
there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time 	1
fusty squareness 	0
apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program . 	0
divine 	1
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , 	0
with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage 	1
was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had 	0
expects people to pay to see it 	0
juiced with enough energy and excitement 	1
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . 	0
compelling , gut-clutching piece 	1
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie . 	1
while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected 	1
sweet and gentle 	1
second chance to find love in the most unlikely place 	1
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology 	1
lingering creepiness one 	0
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . 	1
with familiar situations and repetitive scenes 	0
this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers 	1
'' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 	1
by the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . ' 	1
vainly 	0
a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface 	0
the worst films of 2002 	0
it 's that good . 	1
of superficiality 	0
properly intense , claustrophobic tale 	1
contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know 	1
himself funny 	1
plays like clueless does south fork . 	0
this year 's very best pictures 	1
a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven 	0
desperate for work and food 	0
puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars 	0
's still entertaining to watch the target practice 	1
the good girl '' a film worth watching 	1
that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong 	0
plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 . 	0
shankman ... and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . 	0
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , 	1
offers no new insight 	0
that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting 	1
for the art-house crowd 	1
with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 	0
... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . 	1
for that matter , shrek ) 	1
sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story 	0
venturesome , beautifully realized 	1
from the characters 	1
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst 	1
van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material 	0
you 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it . 	1
there are many tense scenes in trapped 	1
is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously 	0
big excuse 	0
the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . 	0
that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 	1
a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability 	1
a fine job 	1
in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work 	1
awry 	0
takes a look at 5 alternative housing options 	0
it 's just merely very bad . 	0
glass 's dirgelike score 	1
much better documentary 	1
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment 	0
, madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . 	1
freshly painted rembrandt 	1
fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides 	0
begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	0
with purpose and finesse 	1
a better movie experience 	1
, abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 	1
comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising 	1
scenes so true and heartbreaking 	1
watching war photographer , you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals . 	1
say something about its subjects 	1
victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers 	0
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . ' 	1
piece , a model of menacing atmosphere . 	1
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers . 	1
the film 's mid-to-low budget 	0
do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people 	0
the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment 	1
is way too indulgent . 	0
wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback 	1
and mordantly humorous 	1
crisper and punchier 	1
can make people act weird 	0
been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion 	1
be much funnier than anything in the film 	0
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs 	1
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be 	0
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one 	1
the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself 	1
... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh 	1
a grating , emaciated flick 	0
everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill . 	1
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling . 	0
even non-techies can enjoy 	1
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite . 	1
highest power 	1
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , 	1
in an intriguing bit of storytelling 	1
fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second 	1
do n't say you were n't warned . 	0
is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer 	1
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops 	0
unexpectedly moving 	1
most genuinely sweet 	1
never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . 	0
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but 	0
rendered with such clarity 	1
acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being . 	0
in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks 	1
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and 	0
describe how bad it is 	0
one of the worst movies of the year 	0
prove too convoluted 	0
honest attempt to get at something 	1
sandler 	1
did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? 	0
a moving experience 	1
may lack the pungent bite of its title , 	0
all the best possible ways 	1
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny 	1
gorgeous , 	1
takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time 	0
one of demme 's good films 	1
of the problems with the film 	0
black-and-white and unrealistic 	0
great pity 	0
clumsy 	0
strength 	1
turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special . 	1
does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people 	0
one of the most incoherent 	1
be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' 	1
in the songs translate well to film 	1
has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference 	1
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : 	0
whimsicality , narrative discipline and 	1
`` nicholas nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year . 	1
an advantage 	1
was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson 	1
get you 	1
worthless film 	0
stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film 	0
a clever script and 	1
something on crummy-looking videotape 	0
well-shaped dramas 	1
anything but frustrating , boring , and 	1
an astounding performance 	1
rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis 	1
of intergalactic friendship 	1
do the subject matter justice 	1
has compelling new material 	1
a kingdom 	1
clichéd and shallow 	0
intriguing , observant 	1
a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible 	0
land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place 	1
predictable and 	0
enough clever and unexpected 	1
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart 	1
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay 	1
can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity 	0
manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie . 	1
its economical 	1
serial murders 	1
an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) 	0
the ` are we a sick society 	0
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - 	0
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments . 	1
from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer 	0
is a whole lot of nada 	0
with every cinematic tool well under his control 	1
thrill you , 	1
sugary sentiment and withholds delivery 	0
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich . 	1
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 	1
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight . 	0
crude to serve the work especially well 	1
charming but slight 	1
of bland comfort food 	0
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities . 	0
visual delight 	1
sluggish 	0
manages sweetness 	1
that 's because relatively nothing happens . 	0
stoop so low 	0
like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate 	0
is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching 	1
loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction 	1
with virtuoso throat-singing 	1
profoundly moving documentary 	1
to the grayish quality of its lighting 	0
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is 	1
it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time 	1
although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 	0
real triumphs 	1
makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment . 	1
has definite weaknesses 	0
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films 	1
a speedy swan dive 	0
swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch 	1
to a spectacular completion one 	1
'' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 	1
banal 	0
the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . ' 	1
unconcerned about what they ingest 	0
a funny yet dark 	1
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect . 	1
intriguing and alluring premise 	1
for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 	1
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable . 	1
rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ... 	1
can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality . 	0
popcorn adventure 	1
( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay 	1
a ripping good yarn is told . 	1
than malle 's dud 	1
do n't see the point 	0
exploits ( headbanger ) 	0
contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what 	1
shoots and scores 	1
shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper . 	0
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers 	0
brilliantly written and 	1
dull , lifeless 	0
a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , 	0
wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise 	0
i might add -- slice of comedic bliss 	1
, soggy potboiler 	0
lazier 	0
peppering the pages with memorable zingers 	1
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' 	1
not a must-own 	0
belittle a cinema classic 	0
despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing . 	1
none of birthday girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ... 	0
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time . 	1
its courageousness 	1
the toilet and scores a direct hit 	0
there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes 	0
deserve to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it . 	0
as plain and pedestrian as 	0
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop 	0
at once laughable and compulsively watchable 	1
generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series . 	0
nostalgic , twisty yarn 	1
comic barbs 	1
is about as necessary as a hole in the head 	0
genuinely witty 	1
ace ventura ' rip-off 	0
as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin 	1
that satisfies , as comfort food often can 	1
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere 	0
a clever exercise 	1
liked the movie 	1
the film buzz and whir ; very little of it 	0
depress 	0
offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games 	1
appreciates the art and 	1
but windtalkers does n't beat that one , either . 	0
the movie possesses its own languorous charm . 	1
the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences 	1
beautiful , angry and sad , 	1
the tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time 	0
a satisfying complete picture 	1
sometimes both 	1
's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting 	1
the film is all over the place , really . 	0
kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself . 	0
puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less 	1
properly spooky 	1
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time . 	0
has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies 	1
to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	1
will have a showdown 	1
, the drama feels rigged and sluggish . 	0
whimsicality 	1
is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory . 	0
an excellent companion piece 	1
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 	0
finest non-bondish performance 	1
however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 	1
observations on the human condition 	1
stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic . 	1
underrehearsed 	0
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste 	0
expressing itself in every way imaginable 	1
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action 	1
slow-moving 	0
all-over-the-map 	0
for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and 	1
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and 	1
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating 	1
incredibly irritating 	0
it 's like an all-star salute to disney 's cheesy commercialism . 	0
funniest american comedy 	1
delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed 	0
schiffer 	1
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters 	1
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure 	0
most multilayered and sympathetic 	1
family comedy 	1
is a failure 	0
the script and characters hold sway 	1
is ultimately quite unengaging 	0
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . 	0
that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism 	1
that it does n't give a damn 	0
nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia 	0
does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . 	0
little jokes 	1
so impersonal or even shallow 	0
the insinuation of mediocre acting or 	0
true to its animatronic roots 	1
if you can get past the taboo subject matter 	1
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life . 	1
negligible 	0
some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) 	1
muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters 	0
unfocused and 	0
more enjoyable 	1
other than the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , everything else is top shelf . 	1
is intriguing , provocative stuff 	1
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is . 	0
irresistible , languid romanticism 	1
the worst of tragedies 	0
incredibly captivating 	1
's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken 	0
but blatantly biased . 	0
simple , poignant and leavened with humor 	1
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama . 	1
-- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 	1
a wholesome fantasy 	1
the best war movies ever made 	1
irredeemably awful 	0
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point 	1
pray does n't have a passion for the material . 	0
the incredible storyline 	1
smartly 	1
victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and 	0
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity 	0
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 	0
intoxicating show 	1
mainstream audiences have rarely seen 	1
diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack 	0
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . 	1
like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars 	0
several uninteresting , unlikeable people 	0
into hokum 	0
for juicy roles 	1
that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus 	0
the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before 	1
loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel 	0
( p ) artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting . 	1
what 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . 	0
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 	0
insanely violent 	0
there 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . 	0
its many excesses 	0
for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker 	0
freshness and 	1
of promise 	1
no denying the power of polanski 's film 	1
more sheerly beautiful film 	1
, unimaginative 	0
coordinated 	1
estranged 	0
to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing 	0
it works superbly here 	1
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting 	0
a wonder 	1
the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . '' 	0
returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power 	1
the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story 	1
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work . 	0
exercise in style and mystification 	1
violent and 	0
would be very sweet indeed 	1
visually striking and viscerally repellent 	1
entirely suspenseful 	1
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid 	0
and narrative strength 	1
threefold expansion 	1
gracious , eloquent film 	1
is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way 	1
is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . 	1
helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying 	1
j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl 	0
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , 	1
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 	0
being gullible 	0
, insightful and entertaining 	1
generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 	0
on a high note 	1
is a verbal duel between two gifted performers 	1
bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama 	0
to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' 	0
the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself 	1
unfilmable '' novels 	0
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit . 	1
finest kind 	1
the characters never change . 	0
better movie 	1
an artistry that also smacks of revelation 	1
charismatic charmer 	1
covered earlier and much better 	0
does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 	0
fest that 'll put hairs on your chest 	1
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect 	1
that are as valid today 	1
kids-cute 	1
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 	0
funny and touching film 	1
's sweet and fluffy at the time 	1
had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 	0
of international acclaim 	1
any dummies guide , something 	0
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life . 	1
heaven 	1
of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 	1
were any more of a turkey 	0
fun-seeking 	1
juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films . 	1
expert thriller 	1
a painless time-killer 	0
to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends 	0
it 's still not a good movie 	0
under its own meager weight 	0
left slightly disappointed 	0
`` far from heaven '' 	0
it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge 	0
a deliberative account of a lifestyle 	1
most inventive 	1
april 	1
always surprising 	1
can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality 	0
any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants 	1
a great cast 	1
an uncluttered , resonant gem 	1
he runs around and acts like a doofus 	0
acknowledges and celebrates 	1
susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	1
sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife 	1
hard-to-predict and absolutely essential 	1
a genre-curling crime story 	1
this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 	1
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , 	1
period-piece movie-of-the-week 	0
musical passion 	1
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances 	1
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art 	0
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and 	1
that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime 	0
about the human need for monsters to blame for all that 	1
imitative of innumerable 	0
corniest 	0
something bigger than yourself 	1
to sloppy plotting 	0
more fascinating than the results 	1
offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life 	1
carvey 's glory days 	1
for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness 	1
there 's an energy to y tu mamá también . 	1
ordinary and 	1
the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot . 	0
shooting blanks 	0
make them laugh 	1
quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks 	1
must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work 	0
too predictable 	0
the killing field and 	0
felt performances 	1
true love 	1
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but 	0
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid . 	0
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history 	1
a supremely kittenish performance 	1
it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience 	1
's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle 	1
like a lazy summer afternoon 	1
pretty good execution 	1
appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) 	0
does the thoroughly formulaic film 	0
the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel 	0
there 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie . 	0
a mess . 	0
needed so badly 	0
, deeply absorbing piece 	1
grayish quality 	0
the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up . 	0
to the soggy performances 	0
from david 's point of view 	0
feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community 	0
the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up 	0
to describe exactly how bad it is 	0
all the complexity and 	1
adorable italian guys . 	1
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . 	1
if i want a real movie , i 'll buy the criterion dvd . 	0
stumbles 	0
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- 	0
( a ) thoughtful , visually graceful 	1
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece . 	0
fact , 	1
goes on and on and on and on 	0
funny , uplifting and moving 	1
being simpleminded 	0
give `` scratch '' a second look 	1
smart , sassy and 	1
enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest 	0
informative , intriguing , observant , 	1
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . 	1
contrived 	0
uses its pulpy core conceit 	0
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest 	1
deft sense 	1
are terribly wasted 	0
is a relationship that is worthy of our respect 	1
who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil 	0
light , fun cheese puff 	1
is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth 	1
, it 's also somewhat clumsy . 	0
ignore the reputation , and ignore the film 	0
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target . 	0
the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box 	1
reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating 	0
leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance 	1
's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room 	1
kind , unapologetic , sweetheart 	1
the power of this movie is undeniable . 	1
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 	0
purposes of bland hollywood romance 	0
a funny film . 	1
plot contrivances 	0
, one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . 	1
, spirited away is a triumph of imagination 	1
pointless , meandering 	0
engaging , surprisingly 	1
not just ticking , but humming 	1
ya-ya 's 	1
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year . 	1
exactly what it wants to be 	1
amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings 	1
keeps you guessing at almost every turn 	1
a lame kiddie flick 	0
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema 	1
none of this is meaningful or memorable , 	0
an utterly incompetent conclusion 	0
fake backdrops 	0
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma . 	1
a bad sitcom 	0
is the energetic frontman 	1
most exciting 	1
as enlightening , insightful and entertaining 	1
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and 	1
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented 	1
to look at , listen to , and think about 	1
loved the people onscreen 	1
very 	1
is frustratingly unconvincing 	0
, especially with the weak payoff 	0
invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets 	0
engaging film 	1
a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought 	0
cliched and clunky 	0
most oddly honest hollywood document 	1
has stopped challenging himself 	0
vile , incoherent 	0
make it as much fun 	1
healing 	1
any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought 	0
vulgar dialogue and 	0
who knows how to hold the screen 	1
that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 	1
a few gut-busting laughs 	1
exaggerated and broad 	0
like it 's wasted yours 	0
shallow , offensive and redundant 	0
waltzed itself into the art film pantheon 	1
over the end of cinema 	1
a pretty funny movie 	1
one-star rating 	0
as crisp and 	1
's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s . 	1
moving 	1
it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . 	0
of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 	0
unfortunately , it 's also not very good . 	0
blithe rebel fantasy 	1
the emperor 's club , 	1
paved with good intentions leads to the video store 	0
myers 	1
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess 	0
trying to have the best of both worlds 	0
doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	1
through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem 	1
a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack 	0
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , 	1
makes it seem 	1
too often , son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . '' 	0
, the film certainly does n't disappoint . 	1
to win any academy awards 	1
amazing ! 	1
a solid cast 	1
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors 	1
chilling , and affecting 	1
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair 	0
the pleasure 	1
flabbergasting principals 	0
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short 	0
effortlessly draws you in 	1
us nothing new 	0
, and at times uncommonly moving 	1
minor-league 	0
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here . 	0
made literature literal without killing its soul 	1
a slap-happy mood 	1
sufficiently 	1
juiceless 	0
passion and attitude 	1
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con 	1
literary detective story 	1
made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit 	1
the whole package 	1
feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority . 	1
delivers more goodies 	1
dragons 	0
this movie is 90 minutes long , and 	0
kidman 	1
curiously tepid and choppy recycling 	0
with a taste for exaggeration 	0
as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at 	1
together writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 	1
bizarre developments 	1
the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community 	1
life-changing 	1
informative 	1
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , 	1
prickly 	0
dangerously collide 	0
thrills 	1
both gentle and biting 	1
the reunion 	1
anyone can relate 	1
the most genuinely sweet films 	1
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . 	0
of an expert thriller 	1
like movies that demand four hankies 	1
of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise 	1
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents . 	1
exalted 	1
the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away 	1
not number 1 	0
, discerning taste 	1
makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . 	0
that should bolster director and co-writer 	1
all the heart 	1
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` besotted '' is misbegotten 	0
at this nonsensical story 	0
like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors 	0
charitable 	1
being a complete waste of time 	0
an exquisite motion picture in its own right 	1
meditative 	1
very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb 	0
are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise . 	1
a major waste 	0
its exquisite acting , 	1
enhance 	1
what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook 	1
are first-rate 	1
in a class by itself 	1
of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested 	0
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy . 	1
there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy 	0
to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	1
spontaneous creativity 	1
exudes 	1
is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 	1
that the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen 	0
ride around a pretty tattered old carousel 	0
for the wan , thinly sketched story 	0
also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us 	0
every theater stuck with it 	0
that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget 	0
love and compassion 	1
given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform 	0
if you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus 	1
admirably 	1
thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change 	1
may not add up to the sum of its parts 	0
wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways . 	0
the delete key 	0
a worthwhile environmental message 	1
( and fairly unbelievable ) 	0
take away the controversy 	1
worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 	0
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being . 	1
inter-species 	1
otherwise the production is suitably elegant 	1
admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint . 	1
lets her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	0
scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	1
life-affirming 	1
witty , improbable romantic comedy 	1
it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur 	1
a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up 	1
bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams . 	0
bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma 	1
crafted , 	1
compelling pre-wwii drama 	1
that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable 	0
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , 	0
its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture 	1
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and 	0
creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity 	1
bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time 	0
so charmless and vacant 	0
lameness 	0
in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other 	0
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece . 	1
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse . 	0
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy 	1
is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe 	0
me feeling refreshed and hopeful 	1
even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension 	0
charmless and vacant 	0
ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically . 	1
disturbing . 	0
the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill . 	1
show more of the dilemma , rather than 	0
less-is-more approach 	1
deeply humanistic 	1
its own breezy , distracted rhythms 	1
to be startled when you 're almost dozing 	0
likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	0
... while dark water is n't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 	0
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender 	1
every visual joke is milked , 	0
takes form 	1
keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease . 	1
inadvertently sidesplitting it 	0
uplifting and 	1
rollicking 	1
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp . 	1
gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 	0
jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations 	1
an artistry 	1
with phony imagery or music 	0
sit through crap like this 	0
its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks 	0
its music or 	0
no good answer 	0
it 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy . 	0
is one word that best describes this film : honest 	1
creative urge 	1
far more interesting than the story at hand 	1
with his talent 	1
top billing 	1
as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 	1
given this movie a rating of zero 	0
inside it he 's well worth spending some time with 	1
step backward 	0
if the movie knew what to do with him 	0
fantastically vital movie 	1
let 's get this thing over with 	0
that kind of impact on me these days 	1
` perfection 	1
returns the martial arts master to top form 	1
raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll 	1
the lustrous polished visuals 	1
more busy than exciting 	0
inspiring and pure joy 	1
mr. spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . 	1
no good inside dope 	0
like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . 	1
to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle 	1
too long has ignored 	0
opportunists 	1
it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad 	0
combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . 	1
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera . 	1
the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and 	1
will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment 	1
religion that dares to question an ancient faith 	1
suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production 	0
pack your knitting needles . 	0
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot . 	0
stay away . 	0
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? 	0
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and 	1
above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks 	1
ally 	1
really , really good things 	1
in the 	1
has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story 	0
so vividly 	1
, we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes . 	0
that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california 	0
as grand as the lord of the rings 	1
out mediocre 	0
that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 	1
are in this tepid genre offering 	0
staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors 	0
so compellingly 	1
... spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and 	1
a sick , twisted sort of way 	0
hitler 	0
one hour photo lives down to its title . 	0
bodily function jokes 	0
limited by its short running time 	0
make a terrific effort 	1
slight but enjoyable documentary . 	1
comes from the heart . 	1
seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves . 	0
did n't offer an advance screening 	0
, there 's something creepy about this movie . 	0
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates 	0
dimwits 	0
sweet , melancholy spell 	1
should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations 	0
what 's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . 	1
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick . 	0
been shot 	0
intelligent , 	1
every bit as filling as the treat of the title 	1
looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting 	0
cuts corners 	0
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film 	1
overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes 	0
some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance 	1
drains his movie of all individuality 	0
has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle 	0
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do 	1
be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls 	0
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , 	1
awkward structure 	0
burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol 	0
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . 	0
just for sitting through it 	0
strangely tempting 	1
that few movies have ever approached 	1
artless 	0
a great writer and dubious human being 	1
make it human 	1
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations 	1
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining 	0
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers . 	0
with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese 	1
spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 	0
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so 	1
stands for milder is n't better 	0
on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored 	0
more successful 	1
the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic 	0
excites 	1
of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark 	1
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics 	0
a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script 	1
's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' 	1
every moment crackles with tension 	1
tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life 	1
, does not work . 	0
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . 	0
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort 	1
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense 	1
lives count 	1
is a filmmaker of impressive talent . 	1
vivid , spicy footnote 	1
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story . 	1
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 	0
bludgeoning 	0
is also beautifully acted 	1
the misery 	0
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives 	1
take as many drugs as the film 's characters 	0
impenetrable and insufferable ball 	0
kept much of the plot 	1
dips key moments from the film 	0
is a film in which the talent is undeniable 	1
garish showcase 	0
puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less . 	1
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 	0
in the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . '' 	0
manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk 	0
a key strength 	1
at the mercy of its inventiveness 	0
without being memorable 	0
make up for an unfocused screenplay 	0
the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . ' 	0
that so often end up on cinema screens 	1
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , 	1
dynamic 	1
is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel . 	0
's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic 	0
enervating 	0
( hayek ) 	1
impressive in imax dimensions 	1
the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors . 	1
an uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films based on philip k. dick stories . 	0
gorgeous piano 	1
wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . 	1
enough is just the ticket you need . 	1
in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario 	0
is truly gorgeous to behold . 	1
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other 	1
has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else 	0
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls . 	0
sophomore slump 	0
no lika da accents so good 	0
seems embarrassed to be part of 	0
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , 	0
is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain 	1
their contrast 	1
as simultaneously funny 	1
camouflage how bad his movie is 	0
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative 	0
's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . 	1
will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits . 	0
determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering 	0
replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks 	0
is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful 	1
despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 	1
is a masterpiece 	1
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective 	1
the living hell 	0
the idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run . 	0
with conspicuous success 	1
may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 	0
a breath of fresh air 	1
insomnia is one of the year 's best films 	1
it is laughingly enjoyable 	1
it just is n't a very involving one 	0
's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . 	0
plays as dramatic 	1
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but 	1
artsy 	1
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite . 	1
do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch 	1
sand 's masculine persona 	1
get into heaven 	1
almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 	0
deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty 	1
is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way . 	0
's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year 	1
is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion 	1
succeed merrily 	1
sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own 	1
is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie . 	0
keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity 	1
, contemplative , and sublimely beautiful . 	1
all manner of lame entertainment 	0
action-packed chiller 	1
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 	1
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 	0
is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience 	1
in a tasteful , intelligent manner 	1
a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people 	1
handsomely 	1
about a family 's joyous life 	1
of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . 	0
a lot better 	1
uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 	1
too clever by about nine-tenths . 	1
the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy 	0
to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls 	0
, soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 	1
, redundant , sloppy 	0
insightfully written 	1
with raw emotions 	1
ear-pleasing 	1
the only surprise 	0
, it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . 	1
the slack complacency 	0
from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings 	0
the comedy 	1
instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness . 	1
is so bad 	0
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge 	0
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but 	1
requisite faux-urban vibe 	0
after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) 	0
a french film with a more down-home flavor . 	1
have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned 	1
over-dramatic at times 	0
so many flaws 	0
to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time 	1
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it 	0
he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 	1
, haphazard , and inconsequential romantic 	0
ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation 	1
on mindless action 	0
is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' 	1
impossible , irrevocable choices 	1
for both children and parents 	1
motivate 	1
insufferably tedious and turgid 	0
sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting 	0
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' 	0
fine production 	1
monotony 	0
crippled by poor casting . 	0
walk out of the good girl 	0
adrift , bentley and hudson 	0
be something really good 	1
to infamy 	0
'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture 	1
by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances 	0
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds . 	0
gives everyone 	1
poetic , heartbreaking . 	1
worthy of the gong . 	0
its visual imagination 	1
savor the pleasure of his sounds and images 	1
only defies credibility 	0
of the other 	1
the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks 	0
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life 	1
best moments 	1
by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 	0
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor 	1
you should be able to find better entertainment . 	0
the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap 	0
good cast 	1
is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs 	1
sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy 	0
drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers 	1
the flaws 	0
a real audience-pleaser 	1
achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 	1
gutless direction 	0
thoughtful dialogue 	1
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet 	0
have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow 	0
ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 	0
like a skillful fisher 	1
the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes 	0
the problems and characters it reveals 	0
is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period . 	0
the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy 	0
an exercise in chilling style 	1
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 	1
underdog movie since the bad news bears 	1
if you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film . 	1
my greatest pictures , drunken master 	1
but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking 	1
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age . 	1
a glorified sitcom , 	0
some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok 	0
drags the film down 	0
the superficial way 	0
elicit a chuckle 	1
a strong narrative 	1
about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller 	1
assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties 	0
featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 	0
bad of a movie 	0
saucy 	1
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling 	1
hand in hand 	1
the overall feeling is genial and decent 	1
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp ? 	0
power-lunchers 	1
offbeat humor , amusing characters 	1
ridiculous dialog 	0
no good inside dope , and 	0
beautifully crafted and brutally honest 	1
do n't have a clue on the park 	0
ca n't go wrong 	1
gooeyness 	0
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible 	0
an empty exercise , 	0
totally overwrought 	0
above the ordinary 	1
tries and tries hard 	1
in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow 	1
reliable 	1
quirky , original 	1
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema . 	1
strikes a very resonant chord 	1
but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ... 	1
's impossible to shake . 	0
void 	0
it should pay reparations to viewers . 	0
is way , way off 	0
simple in form but rich with human events 	1
get in the way 	0
about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing 	1
not quite 	0
has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series 	0
subtle and richly 	1
we had to endure last summer , and 	0
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl 	1
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot . 	1
in some terrific setpieces 	1
could relish 	1
, they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 	0
be shaking your head all the way to the credits 	0
consistently clever and suspenseful 	1
but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release 	1
amazingly dopey 	0
touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget 	1
reveals how bad an actress she is 	0
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars . 	1
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , 	1
contemptuous of the single female population 	0
one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces . 	1
laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through . 	1
garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating 	1
's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original . 	1
engaging examination 	1
is something of a triumph . 	1
, involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . 	1
vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends 	0
the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart . 	1
will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle . 	0
lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature 	0
hard ground 	0
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and 	1
is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count 	0
terms with his picture-perfect life 	1
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; 	0
is not only a pianist , but a good human being 	1
through recklessness and retaliation 	0
imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial 	1
during the long build-up of expository material 	0
was at least funny 	1
that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of 	1
its three-hour running time plays closer to two . 	0
delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . 	1
amusing and 	1
overrun 	0
well shot 	1
sense-of-humour 	1
this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing 	0
exciting moviemaking 	1
, offensive and redundant 	0
rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture . 	0
it also treats the subject with fondness and respect 	1
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday . 	1
various victimized audience members 	0
you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work . 	1
that works . 	1
animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 	1
a big box of consolation candy 	0
`` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time 	1
the obnoxious special effects , 	0
giggles and 	1
say you were n't warned 	0
a great premise 	1
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , 	1
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point 	1
a fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh 	1
cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , 	0
a crowdpleaser as 	1
alcatraz 	1
she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground 	0
a low-rent retread of the alien 	0
's great cinematic polemic 	1
littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups . 	0
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness 	0
makes it a comic book with soul 	1
it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people 	0
unstoppable superman 	1
hilarious ode 	1
happy 	1
counter-cultural 	1
deflated 	0
a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message 	1
worthy 	1
dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song 	0
piffle 	0
freshly 	1
there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid 	0
dreary piece 	0
of magic 	1
birthday girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency . 	1
entirely witless and 	0
erotically 	0
unpleasant excuse 	0
a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle . 	1
could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one . 	1
it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee . 	1
has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . 	1
... even if you 've never heard of chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen . 	1
is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven 	1
make a hip comedy 	1
perfectly pleasant 	1
jackson 's 	1
and plastic knickknacks 	0
ambitious ` what if 	1
, it has considerable charm . 	1
artistes 	1
stretched out to feature 	0
is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs 	1
quite tasty 	1
a tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways . 	1
go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies 	1
makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured . 	1
all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure 	1
any rock pile will do for a set . 	0
too shallow for an older one . 	0
have stayed there 	1
is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos . 	1
lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground 	0
any stylish sizzle 	1
is a director to watch 	1
with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out . 	1
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . 	0
precision 	1
the filmmakers just follow the books 	0
a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence 	0
loveable 	1
you can feel the love . 	1
the devastation of this disease 	0
, this is a must ! 	1
could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice 	1
love to have their kids 	1
marvelous 	1
into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion 	1
slick and 	1
robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . 	1
begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters 	1
is the stuff that disney movies are made of 	1
bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio 	1
all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer . 	0
that i just did n't care 	0
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , 	1
is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . 	1
lush 	1
familial 	1
absorbing and unsettling psychological drama 	1
this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired . 	0
comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible 	0
, alone , should scare any sane person away . 	0
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli . 	1
look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . 	1
a masterfully made one 	1
preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 	0
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- 	1
meditation ) 	1
a not-so-bright mother and daughter 	0
too good 	1
strange 	0
obstacles 	0
funny , even punny 6 	1
invincible 	1
better still 	1
may be shallow 	0
absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion 	1
no unifying rhythm 	0
` time waster ' 	0
drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) 	0
aggravating and 	0
stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill 	0
unwieldy contraption . 	0
could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary . 	1
suited to capture these musicians in full regalia 	1
this humbling little film , 	1
laughing at ' variety 	1
of the oscar wilde play 	1
be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie 	0
abandon '' 	0
circa 	1
a familiar road with a few twists 	1
thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending 	0
spectacular performance - ahem 	1
more precious than perspicacious 	1
like a side dish no one ordered 	0
takes every potential laugh 	1
far too cliched 	0
splatterfests 	0
important film 	1
todd solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique 	0
to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant 	0
we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera 	0
most surprising thing 	1
's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful 	1
, memories and one fantastic visual trope 	1
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , 	0
does n't really go anywhere . 	0
the great american comedy 	1
are also 	1
approach to the workplace romantic comedy 	1
in fact , it does n't even seem like she tried . 	0
unimaginative screenwriter 's 	0
too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing 	0
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip 	0
the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers 	1
liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . 	0
a mostly magnificent directorial career 	1
imperfect 	0
gloriously alive 	1
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond 	1
is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while 	1
be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms 	0
has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen 	1
a sad , sordid universe 	0
bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state 	1
is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries 	1
is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . 	0
did n't find much fascination in the swinging . 	0
wewannour money 	0
the funniest idea 	1
bean drops the ball too many times ... 	0
could be intriguing 	1
wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals 	1
been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	1
a zippy 96 minutes 	1
also one of the most curiously depressing 	0
that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship 	1
takes your breath away 	1
unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints 	1
dull-witted and disquietingly 	0
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime . 	1
goals 	1
a tasty performance from vincent gallo 	1
commands attention . 	1
off spookily enough 	1
could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies . 	1
overwhelmed by its lack of purpose 	0
enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 	1
a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 	1
again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 	0
americans 	1
's a rather listless amble down 	0
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out 	0
what it lacks in outright newness 	0
is a sweet treasure and something well worth 	1
`` frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . 	1
eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer . 	1
with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 	1
far too tragic 	0
promising cast 	1
overflows with wisdom and emotion . 	1
a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past 	1
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication . 	1
the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours 	0
hell-jaunt purists 	0
expressive power 	1
did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery 	0
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time 	0
manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise . 	1
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget 	1
glaring and unforgettable . 	1
the benefit of being able to give full performances 	1
being insightful 	1
before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia 	1
is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything . 	0
's like a drive-by 	0
can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes 	0
urban south korea 	1
to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	1
has done the nearly impossible . 	1
brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense 	0
simply feel wrong 	0
is extremely thorough 	1
to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy 	0
a fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . ' 	1
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , 	1
feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen . 	0
involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together . 	1
a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york 	0
visual flourishes 	1
is n't really about anything . 	0
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , 	1
astonishing growth 	1
its surreal sense of humor and technological finish 	1
much further than we imagine 	1
their work is fantastic . 	1
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , 	1
do n't 	0
a most hard-hearted person 	0
your seat a couple of times 	1
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 	1
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film . 	1
an imaginative filmmaker 	1
for unexpectedly giddy viewing 	0
summer season 	1
if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	0
to be grandiloquent 	0
was daniel day-lewis . 	1
the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept . 	0
love and power 	1
sit through , enjoy on a certain level and 	1
but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 	1
makes their project so interesting 	1
moralizing 	1
spectacular completion one 	1
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand 	1
if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags . 	0
an adventure story and history lesson 	1
to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke 	1
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households . 	1
, the movie is in a class by itself 	1
need not apply 	0
may be disappointed . 	0
a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation 	1
ignite 	1
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace 	0
absolutely no idea 	1
was developed hastily after oedekerk 	0
quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to . 	1
than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series 	0
a teen movie with a humanistic message 	1
pieces of the famous director 's life 	1
rash 	0
its electronic expression through cyber culture 	1
to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	1
iwai 's gorgeous visuals 	1
, but with material this rich it does n't need it 	1
joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature 	1
could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen 	1
damn unpleasant 	0
bittersweet drama 	1
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap 	1
clear point 	1
of rich detail condensed 	1
esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard 	0
much panache 	1
moments to keep it entertaining 	1
a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? 	0
is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . 	1
messy 	0
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines . 	0
find greatness 	1
too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) 	1
to please others 	1
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency 	1
so bland 	0
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire 	0
is interested in nothing 	0
, quirky , original 	1
also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , 	1
the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor . 	1
repellent 	0
before i see this piece of crap again 	0
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . 	0
it 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . 	1
is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 	1
an impressive and highly entertaining celebration 	1
unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness 	1
bombastic and ultimately empty 	0
ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man 	1
ugly behavior 	0
possibly the best actor 	1
a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie 	0
just another disjointed , 	0
a great piece of filmmaking 	1
breathtakingly 	1
find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop 	1
so vivid a portrait of a woman 	1
in the simple telling 	1
suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies 	1
one of the greatest films i 've ever seen . 	1
love , longing , and 	1
thoroughly satisfying 	1
what results is the best performance from either in years . 	1
, if uneven , 	0
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... 	1
it 's the butt of its own joke 	0
exciting 	1
becalmed 	1
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise 	0
expects something special but 	0
is silly but strangely believable 	1
just not a thrilling movie 	0
aimless , 	0
feel funny and light 	1
, they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . 	1
, self-hating , self-destructive ways 	0
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet . 	1
is doa 	0
hip 	1
exhilarating , funny and fun 	1
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear . 	0
could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again . 	0
you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 	0
greengrass 	1
deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities 	1
robbed and 	1
following your dream 	1
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression 	1
the intricate preciseness 	1
of bland hollywood romance 	0
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece . 	1
is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction 	1
witless script 	0
the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . 	1
that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day 	1
resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is 	0
beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve . 	1
should be thrown back in the river 	0
suspense , intriguing characters and 	1
comedy genre 	1
sabotaged 	0
on some levels 	0
a movie theater 	1
would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment . 	0
be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films 	1
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat 	0
highly spirited 	1
draws its considerable power 	1
the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 	0
self-glorification and 	0
disguised 	0
suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc 	0
is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 	0
sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects . 	1
had a lot of problems with this movie . 	0
galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie 	0
the most unpleasant things the studio 	0
too smug 	0
more than capable 	1
tackling serious themes 	1
even halfway scary 	1
and it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it . 	0
he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 	0
wanes . 	0
is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters . 	1
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression . 	0
i loved the look of this film . 	1
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and 	1
makes you crave chris smith 's next movie 	1
except it 's much 	1
sterile and 	0
, but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored . 	1
the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle . 	1
fudged opportunity 	0
thought-provoking picture . 	1
elegant , 	1
've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar . 	1
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study 	0
would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny 	0
this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . 	0
into how long is this movie ? 	0
everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	0
so-so slapstick 	0
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... 	1
clunky tv-movie approach 	0
a neat premise 	1
goal 	1
defined 	1
essentially `` fatal attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . 	0
the funniest film 	1
that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another 	0
relayed by superb 	1
is strictly routine 	0
to give you brain strain 	0
great trashy fun 	1
with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption 	0
its social and political potential 	1
're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 	0
dishonest and pat 	0
to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 	1
fondly 	1
makes up for in heart . 	1
his body 	1
both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks 	0
just more of the same 	0
be really awful 	0
orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 	1
but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy 	0
an adrenaline boost 	1
are n't likely to leave a lasting impression . 	0
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and 	0
would -- with moist eyes 	1
is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 	0
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : 	1
fun 	1
is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 	0
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer 	1
special p.o.v. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen . 	1
offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single 	0
extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . 	1
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work 	1
have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy 	0
music you may not have heard before 	1
is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking 	1
white-knuckled and unable to look away 	1
the best short story writing 	1
a jackie chan movie 	1
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold 	1
christ 	0
( h ) ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i 'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by . 	0
triple x is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude 	1
the enduring strengths 	1
seen to better advantage on cable 	0
sub 	0
is n't exactly profound cinema 	0
of the worst films of 2002 	0
squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula 	0
it 's not too much of anything . 	0
does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along . 	0
warmed over pastiche 	1
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing 	1
pathetic as dahmer 	0
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker 	0
hold up pretty well 	1
old age and grief 	0
the right to be favorably compared to das boot 	1
consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free 	1
marvelous first 101 minutes 	1
the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers 	1
has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit 	1
generate enough heat 	1
can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity . 	0
it 's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul . 	1
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , 	1
out of control 	0
a beyond-lame satire 	0
it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events . 	1
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances . 	1
feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time . 	0
revulsion 	0
, splashy and entertainingly nasty 	1
tolerable-to-adults 	0
is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters 	0
with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi 's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives . 	1
layered , well-developed characters and 	1
is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences 	1
need of a cube fix 	0
as boring and 	0
breathe out of every frame . 	1
recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting . 	1
are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations . 	1
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters . 	0
why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 	0
as a surprisingly anemic disappointment 	0
who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 	1
it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome . 	1
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be . 	0
adam sandler assault 	0
refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy 	0
, the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 	0
the limits of what a film can be , 	0
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff . 	1
the real masterpiece 	1
do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ? 	0
peter out midway 	0
a remarkable new trick 	1
leaves a lot to be desired . 	0
that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus 	1
works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever 	0
but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 	0
a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex 	0
skins has a desolate air 	0
an art 	1
great cast 	1
feels uncomfortably real 	1
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness 	1
`` extreme ops '' exceeds expectations . 	1
good fight 	1
kind of an authentic feel 	1
daft by half ... but supremely good natured . 	1
does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift 	1
that gives hollywood sequels a bad name 	0
entertains 	1
's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 	1
scary-funny 	1
favorite 	1
dreadful romance . 	0
so engagingly 	1
that it counts heart as important as humor 	1
bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . 	0
sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach 	0
is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) , 	1
's like having an old friend for dinner ' 	1
involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light 	1
continuity errors 	0
's always enthralling 	1
with complications 	1
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead . 	1
to guilt-trip parents 	0
it succeeds 	1
that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action 	1
impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change 	1
, windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . 	0
every cliché 	0
the immersive powers 	1
canada 	1
slow , painful healing process 	0
the notion of deleting emotion from people 	0
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama . 	1
infuses 	1
a wannabe comedy 	0
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative . 	1
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility 	0
crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy 	0
enjoyment 	1
has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end 	1
a huge cut of above the rest 	1
the plot almost arbitrary 	0
delightfully charming 	1
of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions 	0
also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 	0
awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude 	1
this one is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks . 	1
fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 	0
will likely prefer to keep on watching . 	1
unclear 	0
getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable 	0
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street 	1
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo . 	0
routine crime 	0
's propelled by the acting 	1
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad 	0
usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 	1
a remarkable film by bernard rose . 	1
can easily worm its way into your heart . ' 	1
take credit for most of the movie 's success 	1
its leaden acting , dull exposition 	1
the hallucinatory drug culture 	0
comic slugfest 	1
it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular 	1
as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished 	1
that should be punishable by chainsaw 	0
fully ` rendered ' 	1
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . 	0
was n't just bad 	0
the director is a magician 	1
sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 	0
also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare 	0
to have fun with it 	1
by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate 	0
be nominated for an oscar next year 	1
the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum 	0
spirals downward , 	0
gentle but insistent sincerity 	1
it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera 	0
, daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope 	1
are n't likely to leave a lasting impression 	0
holocaust literature 	0
a good vampire tale 	1
disease-of-the-week 	0
winning actor 	1
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , 	1
is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family 	1
settled for a lugubrious romance 	0
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction . 	0
its best , 	1
the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing 	0
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , 	0
an invaluable record 	1
surprising highs 	1
an unusually surreal tone 	1
is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness 	1
makes your teeth hurt 	0
reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . 	0
a retread 	0
opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest 	1
it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt 	1
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths 	1
in manipulation and mayhem 	0
we have come to love 	1
awesome work : 	1
reveal his impressively delicate range 	1
caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 	0
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and 	1
stay with the stage versions , however , 	0
it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 	1
was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive 	1
of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 	1
a feeble tootsie knockoff . 	0
while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 	1
many a hollywood romance 	1
immense imax screen 	1
infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own 	1
in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids 	0
directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing 	1
the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	1
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , 	1
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares 	0
this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here . 	1
road movie , coming-of-age story and 	1
eee for excitement 	1
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' 	0
might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 	0
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story 	1
`` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 	0
is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	1
works so well for the first 89 minutes 	1
the entire cast is extraordinarily good . 	1
had the misfortune to watch in quite some time 	0
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; 	0
is a movie that deserves recommendation 	1
a fair share 	1
a rather bland 	0
big time 	1
shame 	0
hallmark film 	1
1937 breakthrough 	1
pleasant 	1
fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of 	1
of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents 	0
none of this is very original 	0
several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is 	0
preposterous , prurient whodunit 	0
as hilarious 	1
does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy . 	0
to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen 	0
wonderfully lush 	1
, sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 	0
were wonderful 	1
twenty years after its first release , e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career . 	1
makes a better short story 	0
-- and timely -- 	1
unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it 	1
the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience 	0
-- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- 	0
's no reason to miss interview with the assassin 	1
fun and funny in the middle , 	1
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride . 	1
were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities 	0
the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem 	1
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell . 	0
dull , lifeless , and irritating 	0
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out . 	1
dark places 	0
a very depressing movie of many 	0
it is very difficult to care about the character , and 	0
built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids . 	0
is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home 	0
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ? 	0
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and 	0
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot . 	1
sincerely 	1
can you take before indigestion sets in 	0
crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings . 	1
somnambulant exercise 	0
is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal . 	1
it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle 	1
family fun 	1
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it . 	1
are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook 	0
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable . 	0
fans will undoubtedly enjoy it 	1
's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss 	1
of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) 	0
to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater 	1
berling and béart ... continue to impress 	1
caper thrills 	1
in a series of relentlessly nasty situations 	0
a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure 	1
establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace 	1
a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life 	1
beneath the familiar , funny surface 	1
definitely funny stuff , 	1
channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine 	0
serious contender 	1
a talent 	1
contradicts 	0
broadway 	1
none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies 	1
squeeze a few laughs 	1
of a sick and evil woman 	1
diverse and astonishingly articulate 	1
in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality 	0
did i miss something 	0
rather unbelievable 	0
if you recognize zeus ( the dog from snatch ) it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one . 	0
is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie 	0
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school 	0
cheery and tranquil suburban life 	1
weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . 	0
with a zippy jazzy score 	1
very interesting 	1
nice change 	1
... tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here ... 	0
cheered 	1
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering 	0
as that sentiment 	1
restrictive and chaotic 	0
is a failure . 	0
candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars 	1
is rote work and predictable 	0
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . 	1
scored and powered 	1
a dreary , humorless soap opera 	0
ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience 	1
glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat 	1
a terrible strength 	1
have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant 	0
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 	1
the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors 	1
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already 	0
chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department . 	1
of epic scale 	1
, the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes . 	1
there is little else to recommend `` never again . '' 	0
you 'll love this movie . 	1
sheer joy and pride 	1
inspires 	1
is perfectly creepy and believable . 	1
an already obscure demographic 	0
is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams 	1
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and 	0
's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar . 	0
that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes 	0
cliched dialogue and 	0
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and 	1
an actual story 	1
it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why 	0
makes barbershop so likable 	1
the precision of the insurance actuary 	1
deserving 	1
turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny 	1
the one-sided theme 	0
is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins 	0
a minor miracle of self-expression 	1
of hackery 	0
hack script 	0
has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange 	1
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters . 	1
like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable 	0
a retread story 	0
sense-of-humour failure 	0
blaxploitation spoof 	0
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 	1
would force you to give it a millisecond of thought 	1
smart and funny 	1
jim brown 	1
layered 	1
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- 	1
splashy and 	1
thoroughly formulaic film 	0
her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , 	0
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , 	0
goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots 	0
will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers 	0
with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master 	1
suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc . 	0
with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count 	1
others do n't , 	1
humble , teach and 	1
never once predictable 	1
increasingly amused 	1
too-frosty exterior 	0
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette 	1
by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances 	1
few cheap shocks 	0
still charming 	1
the formula is familiar but enjoyable . 	1
quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation 	1
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho . 	1
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is 	1
feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy 	1
insulted 	0
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance 	0
's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy 	1
it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker . 	1
the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain 	1
my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . 	0
swooning melodrama 	1
stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable 	0
make a clear point 	1
fertile 	1
energetic and sweetly whimsical 	1
but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 	1
playful but highly studied and 	1
it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime 	0
the river 	1
laudable 	1
this overproduced piece of dreck 	0
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . 	1
a keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters 	1
vibrance and 	1
cute animals and 	1
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise 	1
going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 	1
faux-urban 	0
's most memorable about circuit 	1
feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs 	0
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , 	0
semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet 	1
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story . 	1
, all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor . 	0
a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget 	0
reassuring 	1
with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation 	1
very talented but underutilized 	0
extraordinary journalism 	1
works more often than it does n't 	1
skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation 	1
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report 	0
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products ... 	0
it 's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it . 	0
good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart 	1
foul-mouthed 	0
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness . 	0
the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned 	1
particularly amateurish episode 	0
failed jokes , 	0
downward 	0
's tough to watch 	0
tragedies 	0
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search 	1
as with all ambitious films , it has some problems 	0
a frustrating patchwork 	0
like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film 	1
cheap , ludicrous attempt 	0
deftly executed 	1
hugh grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are . 	1
not even solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . 	0
chance to shine 	1
to be somebody , and 	1
is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls 	0
would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness . 	0
sexual relationship 	1
of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy 	0
for the film 's winning tone 	1
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had . 	0
the enjoyable undercover brother 	1
is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend 	0
rant 	0
is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live 	0
has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . 	1
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble . 	0
inactive 	0
worst films 	0
ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time 	0
, they ca n't go wrong . 	1
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong . 	1
the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach 	0
' the play more has partly closed it down . 	0
, nonsensical and formulaic 	0
sexy beast 	1
, we need agile performers 	0
entertainingly 	1
tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 	0
the brawn , but not the brains 	0
this might have been an eerie thriller 	0
solidly 	1
a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher 	1
plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out . 	1
's burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . 	1
's a bargain-basement european pickup . 	0
inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage 	1
conned 	0
it 's kinda dumb . 	0
video , and 	1
beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade 	1
user-friendly 	1
the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe 	0
a very distinctive sensibility , 	1
a movie as artificial and soulless 	0
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and 	0
us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 	0
its predecessors proud 	1
by mediocrity 	0
keep it entertaining 	1
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike 	0
's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . 	0
done and perfectly 	1
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , 	0
they do in this marvelous film 	1
is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time 	0
feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story 	1
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic . 	0
rape-payback 	0
of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion 	0
a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment 	0
is more of an ordeal than an amusement . 	0
, murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling . 	1
jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut . 	1
like a drunken driver 	0
... unbearably lame . 	0
now it is a copy of a copy of a copy 	0
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself . 	1
are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations 	0
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness . 	1
less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates 	0
of hope 	1
is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame . 	1
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer 	0
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man 's quest to find an old flame . 	0
a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast 	1
is , by itself , deserving of discussion 	1
gives a superb performance full of deep feeling . 	1
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down . 	1
an accessible introduction 	1
, but far more witty 	1
this wedding 	1
exceptional honesty 	1
is more than a movie . 	1
too many 	0
ugly-duckling 	0
a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age 	1
mostly repetitive 	0
the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest 	0
the director 's many dodges and turns 	0
the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack 	1
none of which ever seem to hit 	0
while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances 	1
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , 	0
handily 	1
it 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . 	1
dutifully pulling on heartstrings 	1
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , 	1
an oscar-worthy performance 	1
the bland songs 	0
succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . 	1
kind of special 	1
that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary 	1
rush to the theater 	1
end all chases 	1
a fan 	1
be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid 	0
all its strange quirks 	1
have failed 	0
proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings 	1
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . 	0
had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	1
's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters . 	0
is , in a word , brilliant 	1
's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . 	0
well 	1
most damning 	0
force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover 	1
that the material is so second-rate 	0
by the time the credits roll across the pat ending 	0
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool 	1
trapped and 	0
enjoyed it just as much ! 	1
tale 	1
in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris . 	0
would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . 	1
elicits strong performances 	1
good qualities 	1
paranoia 	0
mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering 	1
in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears 	1
his life , his dignity and his music 	1
looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise 	1
disconcertingly 	0
mel 	0
realism , crisp storytelling 	1
supposed to feel funny and light 	0
scare 	0
seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference 	0
catches dramatic fire 	1
recycling 	1
broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 	0
you feel like running out screaming 	0
with a sharp script and strong performances 	1
-- and not in a good way 	0
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better . 	0
sneaks up on the viewer 	1
gasp 	1
do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? 	0
decorous 	1
gets vivid performances 	1
as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' 	0
a dashing and absorbing 	1
that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen 	0
a buoyant , expressive flow 	1
such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and 	1
the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream 	0
by storm 	1
, it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome . 	1
, violent , self-indulgent and maddening 	0
, payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 	1
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing . 	1
to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama 	1
assured in its execution 	1
a terrible movie 	0
illuminated 	1
poignant if familiar story of a young person 	1
homogenized and a bit contrived 	0
the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people 	0
is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it 	1
producer john penotti 	1
is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up 	0
smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams 	1
from being a total rehash 	0
international acclaim 	1
his self-inflicted retaliation 	0
you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out 	1
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance 	1
something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern 	1
surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work 	1
eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch 	1
fast-paced 	1
of a film that does n't know what it wants to be 	0
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched 	0
perceptive 	1
's kinda dumb . 	0
opens today 	1
dead gorgeous 	1
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall . 	1
there are entertaining and audacious moments 	1
by all means 	1
about sorority boys 	0
feels like a book report 	0
dull , inconsistent , dishonest 	0
neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy 	0
the most accomplished work 	1
this rush to profits 	0
to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art 	1
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental 	1
of martha stewart decorating program run amok 	0
by a natural sense for what works 	1
unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head 	0
creep 	0
directed the film from the back of a taxicab 	0
the marvelous verdu 	1
has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break 	0
would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ? 	0
zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies 	0
sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often 	0
is a riot . 	1
of demme 's good films 	1
but ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters . 	0
they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . 	1
structure and 	1
drug-induced bowel 	0
matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible 	1
does n't deliver a great story , 	0
soul-searching 	1
is masterful . 	1
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks 	0
the work of a genuine and singular artist 	1
's nowhere near as good as the original 	0
really good premise 	1
of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone 	1
just is n't worth telling 	0
never rises to its clever what-if concept . 	0
an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal . 	0
by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 	1
you know there 's something there . 	1
into a warmed over pastiche 	0
wear thin 	0
weighs down 	0
promising debut 	1
heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry . 	1
by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat 	1
stunning film 	1
a quaint , romanticized rendering . 	1
that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature 	1
potty-mouthed 	0
listless sci-fi comedy 	0
combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ? 	1
comic voice 	1
with strange and wonderful creatures 	1
the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies 	1
that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally 	0
, i was entranced . 	1
but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us . 	1
bad 	0
looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab 	0
's that good 	1
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip 	0
it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab 	0
, open-hearted film 	1
sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic 	0
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , 	0
everett remains a perfect wildean actor , 	1
about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 	1
choppy and sloppy 	0
for all the wrong reasons besides . 	0
so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama 	0
to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out 	1
the best special effects 	1
more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- 	1
the urge to doze 	0
studios 	1
amusing and engrossing 	1
imagines 	1
with alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music 	1
its unerring respect 	1
adds an almost constant mindset of suspense 	1
virulent and foul-natured 	0
watching these two actors play 	1
their seats 	1
's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant . 	0
's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention 	0
a true adaptation 	1
admirable rigor 	1
sweeping , 	1
of authentically impulsive humor 	1
would have likely wound up a tnt original 	0
the way chekhov is funny 	1
rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	0
-- sadly -- dull 	0
the always hilarious meara and 	1
, love , duty and friendship 	1
, a ripping good yarn is told . 	1
explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence 	1
virtuosity 	1
sympathizing 	1
phony relationship 	0
, poignant and leavened 	1
what on earth is going on 	0
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout . 	1
a gorgeous film 	1
major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche 	1
tara reid plays a college journalist , 	0
it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today . 	1
's most substantial feature for some time . 	1
powerful and deeply moving 	1
this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs 	1
the touch is generally light enough 	1
arbitrarily plotted 	0
every visual joke is milked 	0
sappy ethnic sleeper 	0
give 	1
facetious 	0
new insight 	1
straight-to-video movie 	0
double-barreled rip-off 	0
and drab wannabe 	0
are intriguing and realistic 	1
trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . ' 	1
rather leaden and dull 	0
child abuse 	0
the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness . 	0
a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . 	0
unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest 	0
moral favorite 	1
'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget 	0
as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work 	1
that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such 	0
when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . ' 	0
its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing 	1
a woefully dull 	0
avid interest 	1
to the nonconformist in us all 	1
the superficially written characters ramble 	0
torture 	0
its old-hat set-up and 	0
a solid , well-formed satire . 	1
in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself 	1
offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch 	1
interminable , shapeless documentary 	0
trying to have it both ways 	0
demanding than it needs to be 	0
general absurdity 	0
obnoxious title character 	0
could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment 	1
if you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it . 	1
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home . 	1
no charm , no laughs , 	0
effectively chilling guilty pleasure 	1
that rare documentary 	1
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality 	1
have a good time 	1
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience 	1
entirely irony-free zone 	1
depress you 	0
an eloquent memorial 	1
that is n't afraid to admit it 	1
the most part a useless movie , even 	0
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor . 	1
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... 	1
with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	1
subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements 	1
the biggest husband-and-wife disaster 	0
interesting character 	1
with the pubescent scandalous 	0
delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households . 	1
feel pissed off 	0
that just does n't have big screen magic 	0
rarely seem sure of where it should go 	0
begin to long for the end credits 	0
the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 	0
, i enjoyed . 	1
revelation 	1
delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy 	1
badly cobbled look 	0
, is wry and engrossing . 	1
poignant and uplifting 	1
never feel anything for these characters 	0
the dullest kiddie flicks 	0
its provocative conclusion 	1
sucked up all 	0
as sci-fi generic 	0
portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man 	0
become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 	0
tonally uneven 	0
the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 	1
could young romantics out on a date 	1
stale first act , scrooge story 	0
... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride . 	1
any hollywood fluff 	0
hideously twisted 	0
dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale 	0
enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating 	0
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , 	0
, it will probably be a talky bore . 	0
a fake street drama 	0
about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics 	0
: celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . 	0
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer 	0
the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming 	1
genial than ingenious 	0
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . ' 	0
time fillers between surf shots 	0
weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil 	0
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , 	1
i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 	0
a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable 	0
as bad as you think , and 	0
without in any way demeaning its subjects 	1
never gaining much momentum 	0
clichés , 	0
takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion 	1
are fleshed-out enough to build any interest 	0
is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . 	1
a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 	1
so many red herrings , so many false scares 	0
this movie is hopeless 	0
the power and grace 	1
goes to the essence of broadway 	1
batman 	1
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - 	1
piecing the story together frustrating difficult 	0
's what makes it worth a recommendation 	1
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so . 	0
: an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 	0
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . 	1
of testing boundaries 	1
both as a historical study and as a tragic love story 	1
it 's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill . 	1
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and 	0
delusions to escape their maudlin influence . 	0
to be embraced 	1
most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial 	0
received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film 	1
recognized 	1
graceless , hackneyed 	0
inane and 	0
this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country 	1
miss 	0
play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking . 	0
a vastly improved germanic version 	1
dense 	0
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material 	0
decent drama/action flick 	1
the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing 	1
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought . 	0
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , 	0
, narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve . 	1
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii 	0
timely and important 	1
pleasant 	1
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , and 	0
a-list 	1
's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 	0
that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party 	1
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most 	1
fit the incredible storyline to a t. 	1
roars with leonine power 	1
a generic international version of a typical american horror film . 	0
doing nothing 	0
swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	1
, this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . 	0
loves its characters and communicates something 	1
it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably 	1
uplifter 	1
'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence 	0
my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' 	0
` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation . 	0
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... 	0
carries almost no organic intrigue 	0
know how to please the eye 	1
gathering dust on mgm 's shelf 	0
less successful 	0
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and 	1
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war . 	1
offers the none-too-original premise 	0
impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story 	0
this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film 	1
adaptation is intricately constructed 	1
is engaged 	1
share 	1
works spectacularly well 	1
troubling 	0
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time . 	1
under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely 	1
feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 	0
a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play 	1
from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids 	0
comedy spectacle 	1
a supremely hopeful cautionary tale 	1
this beautifully drawn movie 	1
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs . 	0
that provide its thrills and extreme emotions 	1
plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before 	1
, there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose . 	0
most ardent 	1
obligatory cheap 	0
nothing to show 	0
all the loss 	0
, director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc . 	1
carmen ( vega ) and 	1
that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 	1
if you 're not deeply touched by this movie 	1
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh . 	1
lacks a strong narrative 	0
shines in her quiet blue eyes 	1
beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in . 	1
` if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . ' 	1
all-star 	1
no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch 	0
more hackneyed 	0
labute masterfully 	1
, mad love looks better than it feels . 	0
succumbing to sentimentality 	0
a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . 	1
a passing twinkle 	1
its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and 	0
sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation 	1
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition 	1
rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage 	1
whole lot scarier 	1
substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite 	0
got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 	1
hate to tear your eyes away from the images 	1
offering fine acting moments and pungent 	1
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown 's life . 	1
stands for milder is n't better . 	0
works as well as it does because of the performances 	1
a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) 	1
an argentine retread 	0
huston performance 	1
is clever and insightful 	1
a beautifully sung holiday carol 	1
computer-generated cold fish 	0
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , 	0
, never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 	1
admire ... 	1
's so devoid of joy and energy 	0
of a respectable summer blockbuster 	1
children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it . 	1
you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer 	1
a masterpiece -- and 	1
always hilarious 	1
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record 	1
that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , 	1
was right about blade 	1
is well below expectations . 	0
it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . 	1
elegant technology 	1
all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow . 	1
is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows 	1
to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense 	1
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ? 	0
whiny and defensive 	0
must see for all sides of the political spectrum 	1
us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	1
rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints 	0
grand tour 	1
provide any conflict 	0
the folly of superficiality 	0
turn his movie in an unexpected direction 	1
rather beautiful 	1
a gangster movie with the capacity 	1
nifty twists 	1
will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy 	1
moving and 	1
while some of the camera work is interesting 	1
having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 	0
ethnic sleeper 	1
fascinating curiosity piece 	1
of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship 	1
coming-of-age comedy . 	1
been bland 	0
`` 13 conversations about one thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 	1
is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 	0
already knows it 's won 	1
has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place 	1
belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . 	1
like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking 	0
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men 	1
directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways 	1
through sincerity 	1
has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised . 	1
admit i walked out of runteldat 	0
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other . 	1
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant 	1
with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés . 	0
topple 	0
she has n't been worth caring about 	0
instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel . 	0
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy . 	1
his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence 	0
its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet 	1
evocative shades 	1
respectable 	1
formulaic 	0
is full of charm 	1
when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain 	1
godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence . 	1
want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 	0
utterly misplaced earnestness 	0
an awful movie that 	0
relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 	1
an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 	1
who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them 	1
... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 	0
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . 	1
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . 	1
have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	0
the top and movies 	1
's a sad , sick sight 	0
the worst excesses of nouvelle 	0
delightfully charming -- 	1
went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside 	0
is commentary enough 	1
hard to stop watching 	1
is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show 	0
works the way a good noir should 	1
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth 	1
that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing 	1
a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original . 	0
races and rackets 	1
body humor and reinforcement 	1
copout 	0
found a tough beauty 	1
it worth watching 	1
possibly will enjoy it 	1
another useless recycling 	0
when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene 	1
which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 	1
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and 	1
will enjoy 	1
lost . 	0
clever pseudo-bio 	1
if you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you . 	1
`` besotted '' is misbegotten 	0
's no place for this story to go but down 	0
has been overexposed 	0
in earnest dramaturgy 	1
action man cliché 	0
a witty expose 	1
flaccid odd-couple sniping 	0
is the best performance from either in years 	1
, hilariously wicked black comedy ... 	1
it is a failure . 	0
fairytale 	1
too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 	0
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny 	0
charming 2000 debut shanghai noon 	1
it reveals 	1
young adult life in urban south korea 	1
disjointed , 	0
funny no-brainer 	1
of a fanciful motion picture 	1
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code 	1
carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh 	1
behavior and severe flaws 	0
no way original , or even 	0
very good comedic songs 	1
terminally bland , 	1
epic adventure 	1
can enjoy as mild escapism 	1
, oozing , chilling and heart-warming 	1
hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture . 	0
of dazzling entertainment 	1
a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know . 	1
discarded 	0
mixed up 	0
the sheer dumbness 	0
made him bitter and less mature 	0
is appealing 	1
an intriguing bit of storytelling 	1
idiotic and 	0
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride 	1
make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . 	1
love 	1
's quite diverting nonsense 	0
pleasuring its audience 	1
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ... 	1
that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original 	0
sweet and memorable film 	1
a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images 	1
most horrific movie experience 	0
brown sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . 	1
lame . 	0
takes hold 	1
the lazy material 	0
so short could be so flabby 	0
been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon 	1
wanders 	0
achingly unfunny phonce 	0
convincing and radiant 	1
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline . 	1
is as thought-provoking as it 	1
better than 	1
blair witch video-cam footage 	0
whatever flaws igby goes down may possess 	0
give-me-an-oscar 	1
proves that even in sorrow you can find humor 	1
shows crushingly little curiosity about 	0
, this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 	1
proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be 	1
delight your senses and crash this wedding 	1
poorly dubbed 	0
should stick to his day job . 	0
, meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 	0
irritatingly transparent 	0
two-dimensional offerings 	0
most depressing movie-going experiences 	0
like bad cinema 	0
it 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion . 	1
, this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit . 	1
, all-enveloping movie experience 	1
polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way 	1
must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees 	1
the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public 	1
there , done that ... a thousand times already 	0
visually striking 	1
throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary 	0
has value can not be denied 	1
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life 	0
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte 	0
cinema master class . 	1
at a grade-school audience 	0
fascinating examination 	1
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . 	0
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , 	1
it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . 	1
are made for each other . 	1
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family . 	1
too much of storytelling 	0
indie of the year , 	1
it 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant . 	0
is actually quite entertaining 	1
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` scratch '' a second look . 	1
gooding is the energetic frontman , and 	1
spy flick worthy 	1
does cathartic truth telling 	1
preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 	1
generous , inspiring 	1
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor . 	0
an almost unbearably morbid love story . 	0
, and 	1
find it more than capable of rewarding them 	1
similarly styled gremlins 	1
, this movie just goes on and on and on and on 	0
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand 	0
in as much humor as pathos 	1
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... circuit gets drawn into the party . 	0
seal the deal 	1
discoveries 	1
got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . 	0
a weak script 	0
a brief amount of time 	1
painfully forced 	0
simplistic , silly and tedious 	0
the funnybone thanks 	1
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . 	0
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music . 	1
's never dull and always looks good 	1
a raise 	1
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; 	1
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and 	1
an intelligently made 	1
a story already overladen with plot conceits 	0
ignore but a little too smugly superior 	0
ong 's promising debut 	1
damon/bourne or 	1
autistic 	0
chillingly effective 	1
an equally impressive degree 	1
real heroism and abject suffering 	1
really get inside of them . 	1
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... 	0
see it 	1
that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world 	1
's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre 	1
to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures 	0
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 	0
a prince of a fellow 	1
demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides 	0
pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus 	1
makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 	1
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce . 	0
is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 	1
is even more embracing than monty , 	1
romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . 	1
vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings 	0
utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team 	1
elegantly produced and expressively performed 	1
recovering from its demented premise 	0
best about 	1
that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 	0
determined , ennui-hobbled slog 	0
dogged 	0
the film has a terrific look 	1
the movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity . 	0
a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration 	1
's certainly laudable 	1
how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made 	1
hot and the john wayne classics 	1
were hailed as the works of an artist . 	1
ethereal 	1
what to make of this italian freakshow 	0
confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece 	1
a classic movie franchise 	1
is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work 	0
then proceeds to flop 	0
under your belt 	1
( creates ) the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama . 	0
the most original american productions this year 	1
thoughtful , reverent 	1
flamboyant 	1
serious subject matter and 	1
is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience . 	0
that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure 	1
the guise of a modern motion picture 	0
one of the more influential works 	1
overcomes 	1
elegantly produced 	1
appetizer that leaves you wanting more 	1
does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 	0
went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is 	0
denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role 	1
a fresh infusion of creativity 	1
's icky 	0
this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 	0
harmoniously 	1
a mere excuse 	0
officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny . 	0
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest . 	0
less-than-thrilling thriller . 	0
beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama 	1
the slippery slope 	0
an uncompromising film 	1
sinuously plotted and 	1
but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 	0
flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny 	0
but , like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin . 	0
the original was n't a good movie but 	0
contrived , nonsensical and formulaic 	0
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her . 	0
irritating soul-searching garbage . 	0
put on a show 	1
is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 	1
is one helluva singer 	1
comes to dreaming up romantic comedies 	1
, the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 	0
constantly touching , 	1
have been a painless time-killer 	1
reading your scripts before signing that dotted line 	0
waterlogged script 	0
, well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six . 	0
mundane '70s 	0
're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why 	1
, but it is a refreshingly forthright one 	1
of genuine excitement 	1
steven soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life . 	1
's a lot to recommend read my lips 	1
in lovely and amazing 	1
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . 	1
cranky 	0
like the hours as an alternative 	1
without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision 	1
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks 	0
of a minor miracle in unfaithful 	1
sing beautifully and 	1
there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again 	1
all the queen 's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers . 	0
a capable thriller 	1
he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	0
some success 	1
the rich performances 	1
ugh 	0
hilariously wicked black comedy 	1
poignant and gently humorous 	1
a step in the right direction 	1
just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you 	0
washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 	1
soothe and break 	1
believe that something so short could be so flabby 	0
modest , crowd-pleasing goals 	1
's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	0
daring as john ritter 's glory days 	1
required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 	0
powerful entity 	1
it 's hard to stop watching 	1
last-minute action 	1
real psychological grounding 	1
good romance 	1
this project was undertaken 	0
has all the hallmarks of a movie 	1
dashing 	1
neatly constructed thriller 	1
is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie 	1
unflattering comparisons 	0
a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel 	0
falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan 	0
soap opera 	0
a sweetly 	1
turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme 	1
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom . 	0
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good 	1
a visually masterful work 	1
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : 	1
even murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort . 	0
the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes 	1
get more out of the latter experience 	1
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events 	1
highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie 	1
a depressingly retrograde 	0
derisive 	0
a whale of a good time 	1
confident , richly 	1
murder 	0
turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most 	0
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well . 	1
its intriguing subject 	1
ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . 	0
1995 's forget paris 	1
of pre-9 / 11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind 	1
an appealing couple 	1
bear the laughter 	1
aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit . 	0
anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer 	1
obnoxious 	0
shout insults at the screen 	0
masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad 	0
to drag as soon as the action speeds up 	0
looks wonderful 	1
anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie 	0
contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past 	1
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part 	0
why sex and lucia is so alluring 	1
own pretentious self-examination 	0
that makes all the difference . 	1
irrepressible passion 	1
film a must for everyone 	1
was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 	0
you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub . 	0
a fascinating film 	1
, it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds 	1
terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony 	0
is deadpan 	0
a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant 	0
the characters are so generic 	0
genial but never inspired , and little 	0
will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess 	0
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in . 	0
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin 	1
as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick 	0
that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale 	1
the movie you 're looking for 	1
here relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . 	1
a gorgeous color palette 	1
i enjoyed it just as much ! 	1
remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities . 	1
disaster 	0
delivering a dramatic slap 	1
wear thin with repetition 	0
celebration 	1
's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness . 	0
irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters 	0
appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work 	1
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , 	1
even fans of ismail merchant 's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one . 	0
unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror 	1
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? 	0
is more interesting 	1
surprisingly sensitive 	1
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment . 	0
thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film 	0
some of the funniest jokes of any movie 	1
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? 	0
simpering soundtrack 	0
enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play 	1
make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . 	0
casts attractive and talented actors 	1
anger and 	0
feel-good sentiments 	1
enthralling documentary 	1
... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations . 	1
explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut . 	1
all in all , a great party . 	1
, eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 	0
cross-country road trip 	1
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications 	0
did n't find much fascination in the swinging 	0
the elements that will grab you 	1
far-fetched 	0
the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder 	0
bad enough 	0
as a workable primer for the region 's recent history 	1
for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . 	0
, ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious 	0
life affirming ' 	1
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy 	0
yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	1
is n't scary 	0
cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio . 	1
a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy 	1
watching junk like this 	0
about one thing is a small gem . 	1
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and 	0
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling . 	1
remarkable procession of sweeping pictures 	1
that its intended audience has n't yet had much science 	0
feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end 	0
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse 	0
elegant and eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions 	1
many have made it out to be 	1
, but fun . 	1
but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary 	0
quite good-natured 	1
clean-cut dahmer 	0
sit through it again 	1
it 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before . 	0
impersonal , almost generic 	0
critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure 	0
upping the ante 	1
with a treasure chest of material 	1
too much exploitation and 	0
be themselves 	0
... stale and uninspired . 	0
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition . 	1
quirky at moments 	1
dreary 	0
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations 	0
very real and amusing 	1
overstimulated minds 	0
very compelling , sensitive , 	1
was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be 	1
saddest action hero performances 	0
its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who 	0
but there 's plenty to offend everyone ... 	0
feels draggy 	0
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains 	0
from its cheesy screenplay 	0
its charms 	1
a fascinating glimpse 	1
half-step 	0
what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 	1
mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time 	1
the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times 	0
claude 	1
reinvigorated the romance genre 	1
an auspicious feature debut for chaiken 	1
and gently humorous 	1
better elsewhere 	0
will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face 	1
recognizable 	1
has a wooden delivery and 	0
good taste 	1
captures the debilitating grief 	1
will be following after it 	1
is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive . 	1
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation . 	1
'll cry for your money back . 	0
an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) 	1
translate well 	1
the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 	0
above its disgusting source material 	1
witty and 	1
to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film 	0
operates nicely 	1
in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 	1
while there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor . 	1
a fresh point 	1
committed to film 	1
inert sci-fi action thriller 	0
a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride 	1
better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists 	1
illustrated by a winning family story 	1
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics . 	0
is cinema 	1
infuses it 	1
a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten 	1
the imagination 	1
's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread 	0
loyalty 	1
introduces 	1
merely crassly flamboyant 	0
) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk . 	1
codswallop 	0
funny , ultimately heartbreaking 	1
a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary 	0
admire 	1
less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters 	0
the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . 	0
a stirring tribute 	1
stupid and pointless 	0
the fine star performances 	1
it 's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona . 	1
forgive the flaws and love the film 	1
the incredibly flexible cast 	1
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner laurence coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage . 	1
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film . 	1
fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	1
whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace 	0
a masterful work 	1
... margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 	0
is throwing up his hands in surrender , 	0
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and 	1
's enough to sustain laughs 	1
spy-savvy siblings 	1
a bit cold and 	0
have gone straight to video . 	0
bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults . 	1
even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory 	0
is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures 	1
if each watered down the version of the one before 	0
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , 	1
on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 	1
under-rehearsed and lifeless 	0
of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project 	0
how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians 	1
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 	1
it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 	0
is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition 	0
even the digressions are funny . 	1
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 	0
is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing . 	1
the best in recent memory 	1
that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge 	0
superior plotline 	1
silly comedy 	1
some very good comedic songs 	1
crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families . 	1
nourishing 	1
thoughtful movie 	1
from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago 	0
the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man 	0
watching the proverbial paint dry 	0
create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career 	0
refreshing and 	1
stale , futile scenario . 	0
intriguing bit 	1
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always 	1
does n't come much lower . 	0
the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid 	0
unsuccessfully 	0
a nice change 	1
that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life 	0
rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again 	0
with nothing but net 	1
, yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . 	1
anomie and heartbreak 	0
some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety 	1
looked uglier 	0
toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 	0
sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely 	0
rediscovers his passion in life 	1
being trapped at a bad rock concert 	0
storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . 	0
none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest . 	0
mainstream matinee-style entertainment 	1
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go . 	0
as darkly funny , energetic 	1
endear itself to american art house audiences 	1
contrived , awkward and 	0
ecological 	1
last summer 's bloated effects 	0
both a great and a terrible story 	1
for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it 	1
is that it 's far too sentimental . 	0
when the movie ended so damned soon 	0
may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going 	0
wise 	1
is very difficult to care about the character 	0
slow and 	0
as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do 	0
you do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . 	0
of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	1
awe and affection 	1
smart and alert 	1
in a movie full of surprises 	1
about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be . 	0
is ) a fascinating character 	1
's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is 	0
's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered 	0
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers . 	1
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching 	1
serene , the humor wry and sprightly 	1
picture that does not move 	0
a really long , slow and dreary time 	0
mad 	0
below expectations 	1
unattractive or odorous 	0
contrived , unmotivated 	0
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz 	0
to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose 	0
there 's no energy . 	0
dullest 	0
insufferable movie 	0
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity 	1
carrying 	1
a tough pill to swallow and 	0
is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing 	0
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it . 	1
befallen 	0
's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 	1
, it feels more forced than usual . 	0
lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit 	0
leaves a bitter taste 	0
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . ' 	0
it all seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk . 	0
director nancy savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions 	1
seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . 	0
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ? 	0
they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 	0
a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship 	1
most pleasurable expressions of pure movie 	1
good to be bad 	1
amusing enough 	1
, pretentious mess . 	0
by a rich visual clarity and deeply 	1
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera 	1
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day 	1
, austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 	0
barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism 	0
highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style 	1
sappy , preachy one 	0
the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 	0
with considerable aplomb 	1
an effective portrait of a life in stasis 	1
that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness 	0
such a vibrant , colorful world 	1
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox . 	1
a taut , sobering film 	1
nothing less than a provocative piece of work 	1
his cinematic vision 	1
's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours 	1
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing 	1
a giant pile of elephant feces 	0
deep bow 	1
avid 	1
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate . 	1
affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship 	1
read my lips with such provocative material 	1
with us 	1
adventurous 	1
the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film , i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 . 	1
might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and 	0
the latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler 's reigen . 	0
like some like it 	1
is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . 	1
the kind of soft-core twaddle 	0
figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm 	1
this comic gem 	1
opposed to the extent of their outrageousness 	1
is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story 	1
standard 	0
gross-out flicks , college flicks , or 	0
churlish 	0
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish 	1
, a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? 	0
the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character . 	0
powerful success 	1
awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe 	0
period trappings 	0
jumbled 	0
they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental . 	1
i do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version . 	0
boring and 	0
city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 	0
low , very low , very 	0
is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery 	0
absolutely not . 	0
been , pardon the pun , sucked out 	0
beautiful images and solemn words 	1
is a bomb . 	0
as nudity , profanity and violence 	0
far more enjoyable than its predecessor . 	1
with false starts 	0
one of the best love stories of any stripe 	1
that even in sorrow you can find humor 	1
the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy . 	1
its visual panache and compelling supporting characters 	1
a sadistic bike flick 	0
breathes more 	1
a real winner -- 	1
yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy . 	1
's no energy 	0
crystallize key plot moments 	1
willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists 	1
into comedy futility 	0
visually striking and viscerally repellent . 	1
jell with sean penn 's monotone narration 	0
of the most entertaining monster movies in ages 	1
surprises you with unexpected comedy 	1
a cliché 	0
highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways 	1
as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness . 	0
rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love 	1
see it . 	1
the multi-layers 	1
almost no organic intrigue 	0
is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story 	1
ills 	0
welcome step 	1
colorful 	1
ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth 	1
unflinching and objective look 	1
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative . 	0
what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 	0
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose 	1
quite an achievement 	1
an action icon 	1
annoyed me most about god is great 	0
stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 	0
to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances 	1
fails to arrive at any satisfying destination 	0
an inspirational love story 	1
filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders 	1
with a cast of a-list brit actors 	1
is repellantly out of control . 	0
feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied 	0
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - 	1
less than adorable 	0
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece 	1
a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 	1
funny moments 	1
` red shoe diaries 	1
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death 	1
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline . 	0
to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread 	0
a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well 	0
ca n't help but engage an audience 	1
begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is 	0
the beauty and power 	1
certainly the big finish was n't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps . 	1
real writer plot 	1
virtuous 	1
does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films 	0
edge to it . 	1
is an amicable endeavor . 	1
for more than two decades mr. nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity . 	1
, poorly structured 	0
marvelous film 	1
a lame comedy . 	0
soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence 	0
rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics 	0
a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 	0
` matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy 	0
your disgust 	0
calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew 	1
confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong . 	1
lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features . 	0
although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . 	0
it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; 	1
by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits 	1
what it 's trying to say and 	1
a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- 	0
unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity 	0
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . 	0
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great 	0
of a thousand cliches 	0
at the screen in frustration 	0
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and 	1
this fascinating experiment 	1
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative 	0
of bittersweet camaraderie and history 	1
strong education 	1
the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening 	0
wholly 	1
collateral damage is trash , but 	0
felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes 	0
not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 	0
funny with the material 	1
an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy 	0
goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots . 	0
of the situation in a well-balanced fashion 	1
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel . 	0
with their memorable and resourceful performances 	1
mayhem and stupidity 	0
wait for the video 	0
less concerned with cultural and political issues 	0
has become the master of innuendo 	1
our deepest , media-soaked fears 	0
a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline 	0
writer/director alexander payne ( election ) and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing . 	1
elegant , witty and beneath 	1
neo-fascism 	0
of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 	0
flounders 	0
its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads . 	1
nicely 	1
great time 	1
sharp , amusing study 	1
best possible 	1
is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 	1
i liked the movie 	1
ongoing - and unprecedented - 	1
out to be 	1
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . 	1
most certainly has a new career ahead of him 	1
it 's this rich and luscious 	1
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive . 	0
compelling storyline 	1
serenity and poise 	1
liberal doses 	0
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making . 	1
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten . 	0
the lord of the rings 	1
miss it 	0
incisive and 	1
green is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 	0
to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 	1
good simmer 	1
if considerably less ambitious 	0
a frightening and compelling 	1
it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy . 	1
hot 	1
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun . 	1
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera 	1
it will probably be a talky bore . 	0
glamorous 	1
, a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 	1
more fascinating -- being real -- 	1
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective 	1
surprisingly powerful and universal 	1
a refreshing change 	1
one viewing ca n't possibly be enough 	1
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... 	1
good-natured ensemble comedy 	1
, salvation and good intentions 	1
can prevent its tragic waste of life 	0
by bad writing 	0
rock-solid gangster movie 	1
are so unmemorable 	0
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs 	0
something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans 	1
a guiltless film for nice evening out 	1
, tortured 	1
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful . 	0
all its brilliant touches 	1
a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 	1
despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 	0
vulgar is too optimistic a title . 	0
clarity and emotional 	1
a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness 	1
ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie . 	1
loosely connected characters and 	0
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film 	1
shallow 	0
sweeping , dramatic , 	1
fabulous 	1
i recommend it for its originality alone 	1
occasionally very enjoyable 	1
enlightening 	1
opens today in the new york metropolitan area 	1
a downer and 	0
a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to 	1
of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing 	0
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to 	1
an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form 	0
jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier 	0
is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . 	0
alienate the mainstream audience 	0
fragmentary 	0
an honestly nice little film 	1
its own quirky hipness 	1
snore 	0
is a big , juicy role 	1
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective . 	1
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good . 	0
, stay away . 	0
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience . 	0
direction and especially charm 	1
a troubled and determined homicide cop 	0
is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days 	0
down a familiar road with a few twists 	0
some laughs and 	1
do n't deserve any oscars 	0
into the art film pantheon 	1
unexceptional 	0
feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	0
, the humor wry and sprightly 	1
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos 	1
a wild ride 	1
revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate 	1
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year 	1
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago . 	1
it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 	1
be even worse than its title 	0
a triumph 	1
is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie 	1
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility . 	0
takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it . 	0
thoroughly unrewarding all of this 	0
it 's simply baffling 	0
throws in enough clever and unexpected 	1
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire . 	0
intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business 	0
see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . 	1
bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams 	0
nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish 	0
no way to entertain or inspire its viewers 	0
as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care 	0
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination 	1
ocean visuals 	1
the story 's undeniably hard to follow 	0
copycat 	0
were an obligation 	0
christian 	1
be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service 	0
an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts . 	1
is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 	0
the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light 	1
it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	1
be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show 	0
heart-felt drama 	1
one strike against it 	0
does have its charms 	1
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business 	1
the earnestness 	1
prominent 	1
is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe 	1
sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans 	0
exasperated 	0
caliber cast 	1
weirdly 	0
reality-snubbing 	0
the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama 	1
walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like 	0
enthusiastically 	1
by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor 	0
a welcome step 	1
foolish 	0
reasonably good 	1
a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting 	1
... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame . 	1
love it ... 	1
one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies 	0
halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 	0
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards 	1
to screen with considerable appeal intact 	1
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it 	0
incoherent , instantly disposable 	0
the worst kind of mythologizing 	0
's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it . 	0
short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty . 	1
for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg 	0
the unusual power 	1
a pleasing , often-funny comedy . 	1
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet 	0
exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest 	1
beer-fueled 	1
rates as an exceptional thriller 	1
poetic 	1
this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice . 	1
has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style 	1
dullingly 	0
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling 	0
that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it 	0
occasionally fun 	1
one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? 	0
could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one 	1
got the brawn , but not the brains 	0
sordid and 	0
than to call attention to themselves 	1
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product . 	0
move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona 	1
cliché-laden 	0
risky 	0
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness 	1
will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime 	1
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it 	1
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned . 	0
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness 	0
the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 	0
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre 	0
knows its classical music , 	1
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets 	0
between sullivan and his son 	1
if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director 	1
a pianist , but a good human being 	1
bland 	0
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority 	1
inappropriate and wildly undeserved 	0
actor michel serrault 	1
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , 	0
adult world 	1
starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni 	0
was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star 	1
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors 	0
is worth seeing 	1
delicious and delicately 	1
's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening . 	0
to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	0
much of it is funny , but 	1
absurdly simplistic 	0
will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere 	0
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears . 	0
worthwhile addition 	1
sweetly sexy , funny and touching . 	1
will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget . 	1
so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost 	0
star-power potential 	1
ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	1
it definitely gives you something to chew on 	1
annoyance 	0
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they 'll get plenty ) fills me with revulsion . 	0
redolent 	0
acute writing 	1
so larger than life 	1
in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year 	1
good-naturedly 	1
running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often 	0
an important movie , or even 	1
oh , look at that clever angle ! 	1
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast 	1
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse . 	1
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 	0
should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it 	1
feel like time fillers between surf shots . 	0
inconceivable 	0
is deadly 	0
current innovators 	1
it will stay with you 	1
powerful performance 	1
peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	1
poor editing , 	0
of one of the best films 	1
the ridicule factor 	0
nutty , consistently funny . 	1
friday after next spreads them pretty thin 	0
furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation 	0
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story 	0
it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice . 	1
satisfying well-made romantic comedy 	1
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and 	1
feeling refreshed and hopeful 	1
while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage 	1
to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general 	0
we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 	1
well-thought 	1
go , girls , right down the reality drain . 	0
time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference 	0
a giddy and provocative sexual 	1
drawing flavorful performances from bland actors 	1
woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken 	0
attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 	0
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and 	1
woe-is-me 	0
's definitely an improvement on the first blade , 	1
reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth 	1
tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 	0
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china . 	1
made the full monty a smashing success ... but 	1
the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 	0
the german occupation 	0
of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while 	1
you have an interest in the characters you see 	1
to sneak out of the theater 	0
's hard not to be carried away 	1
the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries 	1
is n't very good 	0
reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 	1
witty and often surprising 	1
building up to the climactic burst of violence 	1
the first part making up for any flaws that come later 	1
all the verbal marks it should 	1
should give `` scratch '' a second look 	1
of laughs 	1
are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 	1
for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent 	1
quick-buck 	0
her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 	0
give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears 	0
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour 	1
be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something 	1
impeccable throughout 	1
murderer 	0
a knockout 	1
is rote work and predictable , 	0
vibrance and warmth 	1
dull with only caine 	0
no . 	0
on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint . 	1
to the bitter end 	0
the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 	0
a few are sexy 	1
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one . 	1
veers into corny sentimentality , probably 	0
'll still have a good time . 	1
the film 's lamer instincts 	0
is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation . 	1
strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve . 	1
cute 	1
interesting concept 	1
signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 	1
a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax 	1
the wonderful cinematography and 	1
in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality 	1
most incoherent 	0
an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century . 	1
the remarkable ensemble cast 	1
darkness 	0
a great script 	1
is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh . 	0
is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does 	1
so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 	1
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up 's i 'm the one that i want . 	1
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground . 	0
telling what at heart is a sweet little girl 	1
acts like a doofus 	0
is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . 	1
stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere 	0
every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 	1
's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 	1
you expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup . 	0
that made the original men in black such a pleasure 	1
intelligent 	1
film festival 	1
had to sit through it again 	0
gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion 	1
stretches of impact and moments 	1
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers 	1
it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . 	0
great to begin with 	1
more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach 	0
just a kiss is a just a waste . 	0
may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy 	1
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious 	1
observant . 	1
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . 	0
depressingly thin 	0
good fun 	1
never gets off the ground . 	0
bring on the sequel 	1
unendurable viewing experience 	0
gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here 	0
makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish 	0
redeems it 	1
surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait . 	1
see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music 	1
has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood 	0
ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending 	1
to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative 	0
lame kiddie flick 	0
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well 	0
... there is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 	1
vowing , 	1
is too long with too little 	0
makes its message resonate . 	1
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe . 	1
the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans . 	1
slow death 	0
as much fun 	1
very real and amusing give-and-take 	1
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart . 	1
kinda dumb 	0
for touched by an angel simplicity 	1
the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic 	0
its engaging simplicity 	1
is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply 	1
, worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it 	0
the movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . 	0
at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor 	1
sabotaged by pomposity 	0
a part of its fun 	1
drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 	1
once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny 	0
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching 	1
magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch 	1
deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion 	1
filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love 	1
and vulgar innuendo 	0
enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch 	0
undeniably touched 	1
racial insensitivity 	0
only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department 	1
sexy razzle-dazzle 	1
to the film 's considerable charm 	1
stuffiest 	0
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours 	0
surprisingly ` solid ' 	1
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment 	0
an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 	0
we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport 	1
has succeeded beyond all expectation 	1
of a really solid woody allen film 	1
is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil . 	0
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement 	1
that should be relegated to a dark video store corner 	0
in good fun 	1
almost perpetually wasted characters 	0
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing 	1
family audience 	1
more mature than fatal attraction 	1
go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving 	1
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making . 	0
now as a former gong show addict , i 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show . 	1
should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn . 	0
an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera 	1
into hogwash 	0
that beneath the familiar , funny surface 	1
sparse instances 	0
captivating and intimate 	1
broad streaks of common sense 	1
resourceful amnesiac 	1
's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 	1
directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix . 	1
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle . 	1
an unflinching look 	1
it has made its way into your very bloodstream 	1
enjoy its own transparency 	1
vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace 	0
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie . 	0
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 	1
nothing original 	0
the solid filmmaking and 	1
and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 	0
an interesting racial tension 	1
it falls far short of poetry , but 	0
makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work 	0
the outstanding thrillers 	1
the unexplored story opportunities 	1
chance to see three splendid actors 	1
marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks 	1
disguising the obvious with energy and innovation 	1
presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . 	1
a degree of affection rather than revulsion 	1
sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer 	0
for overstimulated minds 	0
's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces 	1
dramatic nor comic 	0
dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances 	1
are often a stitch 	0
as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design 	0
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy 	1
a dull girl 	0
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river 	0
in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested 	0
of nature and family warmth 	1
` cherish ' 	1
've seen before 	0
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends 	0
for history buffs 	1
sleeper 	1
a grittily beautiful film 	1
is a trove of delights . 	1
this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . 	1
a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger . 	1
creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances . 	1
it were that grand a failure 	0
that rare movie that works on any number of levels 	1
spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	1
nourishing aspects 	1
pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste 	1
go-for-broke 	1
are n't very bright 	0
to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal 	1
's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative 	0
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly . 	1
the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . 	0
are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine 	0
its own good 	1
few sequels 	0
wedding sequence 	1
who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes 	0
uni-dimensional 	0
who know nothing about the subject 	0
a clear point 	1
singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece 	1
leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach 	1
collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 	0
to the world trade center tragedy 	0
brings them to life 	1
oddly compelling 	1
compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject 	1
enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school 	1
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but 	1
self-righteousness 	0
lives down to its title . 	0
have lost the ability to think 	0
, reverent , and subtly different 	1
with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt 	0
to drown yourself in a lake afterwards 	0
safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 	1
will grab you 	1
it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . 	0
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream 	1
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry . 	0
deeply out of place 	0
a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school 	0
projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless 	0
'll enjoy the hot chick . 	1
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , 	0
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates . 	0
are too grave for youngsters 	0
right movie 	1
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it 	0
old , familiar 	0
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west . 	0
the good and different 	1
, this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . 	0
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition . 	1
, it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . ' 	0
-- ever so gracefully -- 	1
the too-frosty exterior 	0
to being exciting 	1
pleasant enough 	1
some good , organic character work 	1
a twisted sense 	1
the movie is well crafted , and well executed . 	1
's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground . 	0
... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease . 	1
deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later 	1
a full experience 	1
better actor 	1
painful 	0
making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years 	1
the crap continues . 	0
the grandness of romance 	1
to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 	1
, it should pay reparations to viewers . 	0
overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . 	1
passionate heart 	1
unfunny and 	0
of honest poetry 	1
... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . 	1
bad filmmaking 	0
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop 	1
too heady for children , and too preachy 	0
of the ugly american 	0
clearly evident quality 	1
that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 	1
perfectly pleasant if 	1
where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical 	1
of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been 	0
best brush 	1
unrealistic 	0
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers . 	1
to overcome gaps in character development and story logic 	0
overmanipulative 	0
makes you care about music you may not have heard before 	1
nicest 	1
good movie 	1
me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens 	0
are nearly impossible to care about 	0
suited for the history or biography channel 	1
just like a splendid meal 	1
the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- 	1
, color and cringe 	0
the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 	0
deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film . 	1
a haunting tale 	1
sillier 	0
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... 	0
awards animals the respect they 	1
by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment 	0
that even freeman ca n't save it 	0
is the film roman polanski may have been born to make . 	1
the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza 	1
in the present 	1
immensely appealing 	1
in death to smoochy , we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing . 	1
well-lensed 	1
a riveting story well told . 	1
cardiac arrest 	0
if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski 	1
his own idiosyncratic strain 	0
that does the nearly impossible 	1
gorgeous 	1
of pre-9 / 11 new york and 	1
greatest teacher 	1
low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- 	0
gripping 	1
ca n't say it 's on par with the first one 	0
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull . 	0
execrable 	0
destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . 	1
sweet and romantic 	1
most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme 	1
is hugely overwritten , 	0
a bad soap opera 	0
unflappable air 	1
as endearing and easy 	1
with no signs of life 	0
a rollicking adventure for you and 	1
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy . 	0
quite fun 	1
ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . 	0
, satisfying 	1
to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen 	0
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , 	0
the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 	1
painful ride 	0
less funny 	0
solid 	1
we had to endure last summer 	0
fascinate in their recklessness 	1
davis 	1
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable 	1
a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside 	1
's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance 	1
remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops 	0
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... 	1
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down 	0
those famous moments 	1
that it appears not to have been edited at all 	0
's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager 	0
an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine 	1
achievement 	1
if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like ` masterpiece theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie . 	1
a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect . 	1
all works out 	1
espn 	1
a winner 	1
usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	0
was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo . 	1
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works . 	1
if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood 	0
lane and 	1
are terribly wasted . 	0
makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way 	1
a rich historical subject 	1
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history 	1
makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly 	0
a blast of adrenalin 	1
poor 	0
... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus 	0
have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release 	0
wit and humor 	1
does so without compromising that complexity . 	1
's splash without the jokes . 	0
for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension 	0
least favorite 	0
for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life 	1
bizarre , implausible 	0
the last kiss 	1
length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue 	0
in bad filmmaking 	0
campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 	0
has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 	1
worth the trip to the theater 	1
it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . 	0
loud , brash and mainly unfunny 	0
sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated 	1
are anguished , bitter and truthful 	1
low , smoky and inviting 	1
, transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision 	1
is particularly impressive . 	1
screenplay or 	1
a solidly entertaining little film . 	1
lazy , 	0
how they make their choices , and 	1
predictable plotting and 	0
the color sense of stuart little 2 	1
of criminals 	1
by a winning family story 	1
arresting image 	1
, it ultimately delivers 	1
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and 	0
spectacle and 	0
remotely topical or sexy 	0
generosity 	1
's get this thing over with 	0
the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative 	0
one of the most savagely hilarious social critics 	1
creative belly laughs 	1
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships . 	0
charge money for this ? ' 	0
hoping for a stiff wind 	0
a stadium-seat megaplex 	1
has a real filmmaker 's eye 	1
an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek 	0
demonstrate their acting ` chops ' 	1
the effort is gratefully received 	1
so clumsily sentimental 	0
feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 	0
will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience . 	1
that it ca n't really be called animation 	0
as south park 	0
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . 	1
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago ... 	0
has n't aged a day 	1
fall to pieces 	0
any summer blockbuster 	1
resonance 	1
a beguiling freshness 	1
you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind 	1
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar . 	0
burnt out 	0
long enough to read the subtitles 	1
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout 	1
have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed 	0
disappointment coming 	0
stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper 	0
( ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation . 	0
excellent performances on its side 	1
comes along only occasionally 	1
the film 's predictable denouement 	0
malarkey 	0
will have a fun , no-frills ride 	1
a delightful romantic comedy 	1
seems worse for the effort 	0
greatest star wattage 	1
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , but 	1
amused by its special effects 	1
distinct rarity 	1
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all . 	1
does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances 	0
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet 	1
more bizarre than 	0
you love the music , 	1
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , 	1
sabotage 	0
do n't work in concert . 	0
devolves 	0
narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann 	1
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , 	0
should scare any sane person away . 	0
its promising cast 	1
ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 	0
as filling as the treat of the title 	1
too sappy for its own good 	0
... del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . 	0
`` looking for leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something . 	0
that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted 	1
us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose 	1
mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism 	0
changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . 	1
to the floor with a sickening thud 	0
you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach 	0
i fear 	0
smart little indie . 	1
, but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 	0
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city 	1
a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 	0
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . 	0
stylish thriller . 	1
becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary 	0
own languorous charm 	1
eventual discovery 	1
zings along with vibrance and warmth . 	1
disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look 	0
she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy 	1
supremely hopeful 	1
various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale 	1
most every aggrieved father cliché 	0
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play 	1
the lively intelligence of the artists and 	1
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective 	1
gorgeously strange movie 	1
its own thinness 	0
miracle of miracles , the movie 	1
be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 	0
powerful documentary 	1
such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting 	1
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . 	1
real magic , 	1
anything but frustrating , 	1
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation 	0
huppert 's show to steal 	1
that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 	0
the plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained . 	0
flops 	0
genuine dramatic impact 	1
retro uplifter . 	1
grandly 	1
you 'll know a star when you see one . 	1
provides amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest 	1
are worthwhile 	1
warm , fuzzy feeling 	1
meaning in relationships or work 	1
is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film 	0
faster , livelier 	1
can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns 	0
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type 	1
doomed 	0
that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery 	0
of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	0
some of the computer animation is handsome , and 	1
emphasizes every line and sag 	0
dumped 	0
is one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 	0
convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic 	0
suckers 	0
as if he or she has missed anything 	0
kate is n't very bright 	0
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) . 	0
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , 	1
does a solid job of slowly 	1
hate yourself for giving in 	0
bucked the odds 	1
the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end . 	1
nicholas nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year . 	1
this fascinating look at israel in ferment 	1
a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion 	1
the acting is just fine , but 	1
a full-frontal attack on audience patience 	0
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability 	0
is virtually absent 	0
living hell 	0
if you 're willing to have fun with it 	1
it 's tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too . 	0
some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... 	1
cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) 	0
, this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . 	0
count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is 	1
search of something different 	1
even better than the first one ! 	1
it is more than merely a holocaust movie 	1
of director john stockwell 	1
eerily accurate depiction of depression . 	0
potentially good 	1
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... 	1
suffers through this film 	0
stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 	1
among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 	0
the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story 	0
small , intelligent eyes 	1
keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired 	1
, an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness . 	1
smoother or more confident 	1
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and 	0
mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing 	1
pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous 	1
it 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama . 	1
is about to turn onto a different path 	1
glamour 	1
with a momentum that never lets up 	1
is both stimulating and demanding 	1
earnest , 	1
movie special 	1
a bowser 	0
failing , 	0
his character awakens to the notion that to be human 	0
an eloquent , deeply felt meditation 	1
if you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts . 	0
like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series 	0
, more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining . 	0
flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- 	1
lighter 	1
's easy to like and 	1
flat as thinking man 	0
it 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . 	0
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and 	0
that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies 	1
a visionary 	1
most intelligent viewers 	1
the evocative imagery 	1
could use a little more humanity , but 	0
, superficiality and silliness 	0
predictable storyline 	0
disposible 	0
babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot 	1
is one of the best actors there is . 	1
it 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion . 	1
andie macdowell 	1
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work . 	1
with vibrance and warmth 	1
best movie work 	1
despite auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . 	0
toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry 	0
on toilet humor , ethnic slurs 	0
all the signs of rich detail condensed 	1
of crucifixion 	0
with the pale script 	0
noisy 	0
warning you 	0
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head . 	0
is an uncompromising film . 	1
deeply unsettling 	0
has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one . 	0
unforced 	1
since ghostbusters 	1
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences 	1
inject some real vitality and even art 	1
some buoyant human moments 	1
like the best 60 minutes 	1
share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 	1
may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 	0
is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . 	0
there 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties . 	0
the surprise ending is revealed 	1
a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should 	1
intriguing characters 	1
a flimsy excuse 	0
, it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance . 	1
do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved 	0
seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers . 	0
a fanciful motion picture 	1
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course 	0
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment 	1
empowerment 	1
than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence 	1
offensive , puerile 	0
repetitively 	0
makes it a failure as straight drama 	0
a hip comedy 	1
is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights 	0
willing to express his convictions 	0
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low . 	0
thanks to the actors 	1
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 	0
this oddly sweet comedy 	1
the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative 	0
with a better script 	1
frustrates and 	0
hard-pressed 	0
drop dead gorgeous 	1
, impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie . 	0
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and 	1
extremely talented musicians 	1
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances 	1
with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural 	1
the film 's appeal 	1
contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions 	0
when you 're a jet 	1
with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 	0
stock character camp 	0
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole . 	0
fans 	1
to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances 	1
low-grade cheese standards 	0
milks drama when she should be building suspense 	0
is generally quite funny 	1
catches you 	1
afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn 	0
a splash even greater 	1
also intriguing and honorable , 	1
of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	1
well-meant but 	0
witless 	0
so heartwarmingly motivate 	1
gangster no. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults . 	1
astounding on any number of levels 	1
the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative 	1
disrobed most of the cast , 	0
the young actors , not very experienced 	0
you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out 	1
estranged from reality 	0
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well 	0
wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text 	1
so hot-blooded 	1
a better lot 	1
a loquacious and dreary piece of business . 	0
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting . 	1
the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned 	0
how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in 	0
be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi 	0
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey 	0
on different levels 	1
fairly uneventful 	0
is also a creative urge 	1
how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time 	0
the prospect of their own mortality 	1
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters . 	0
is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit 	1
the weight of too many story lines 	0
of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief 	1
robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side . 	1
a well-balanced fashion 	1
that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture 	1
sympathetic without being gullible 	1
irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what 	0
to fill time 	0
's the image that really tells the tale 	1
care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 	1
self-indulgent and maddening 	0
has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . 	1
the richness of characterization 	1
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... 	0
being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright 	0
, this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ... 	1
a painful elegy and 	0
is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter 	1
and engaging examination 	1
a whole lot of fun 	1
armageddon 	0
delights and simmering 	1
reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan 	1
sex 	1
bad company 	0
a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 	1
dry , reliable textbook 	0
the only fun part of the movie 	0
under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . 	1
the pungent bite 	0
spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . 	1
the sweet cinderella story 	1
's not clear 	0
settles too easily 	0
in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels 	1
xxx is a blast of adrenalin 	1
charming 	1
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor . 	0
greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor 	0
hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time 	1
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments 	1
elbowed aside 	0
the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 	0
cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting 	0
comic elements 	1
undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 	0
an arcane area of popular culture 	1
how sandler is losing his touch 	0
borrows a bit from the classics `` wait until dark '' and `` extremities '' ... but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself . 	1
in the spirit of the season 	1
barn-burningly 	0
the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes 	1
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- 	0
exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . 	0
a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one 	1
pleasurable 	1
original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up . 	1
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . 	0
piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying . 	1
's still a guilty pleasure to watch 	1
uncanny tale 	1
to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	1
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown . 	0
three-dimensional characters 	1
things to like 	1
a deserved co-winner 	1
you 're a jet all the way 	1
the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ... 	1
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers . 	1
several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , 	0
there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising 	0
on the premise 	1
just slopped ` em together here 	0
is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery 	0
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three 	1
adrift in various new york city locations 	0
that 's what i liked about it 	1
unrelated shorts 	0
screenwriting award 	1
so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it 	0
energy , intelligence and verve 	1
straightforward 	1
why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	0
like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk 	0
third-rate 	0
valiant 	1
could be a passable date film 	1
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be . 	1
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed . 	1
of three 	1
affirms 	1
it 's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure . 	1
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric 	0
it 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor . 	1
sparking debate and 	1
's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating 	0
upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 	1
pornography or documentary 	0
walk away 	0
of watching intelligent people making a movie 	1
ideal 	1
about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get 	0
inspiring , 	1
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , 	1
recommend this film 	1
is as close as you can get to an imitation movie 	0
is n't one true ` chan moment ' . 	0
's so tedious 	0
does n't add up to much . 	0
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and 	0
mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power 	1
polanski 's best film 	1
on a 10-year delay 	1
its elegantly colorful look and sound 	1
some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life 	1
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly . 	0
moviegoers not already clad in basic black 	0
is shallow , offensive and redundant 	0
badly made on every level 	0
to eat popcorn 	1
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit 	0
no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half 	0
what 's missing from this material 	0
that most frightening of all movies -- 	1
most brilliant and brutal 	1
's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay . 	0
heartily sick 	0
and ( too ) short 	0
the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 	0
savory and 	1
a good simmer 	1
sting 	0
one spectacularly ugly-looking broad 	0
warmth and gentle 	1
the original could ever have hoped to be 	1
dreary tract 	0
martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline 	0
chance to find love in the most unlikely place 	1
inept filmmaking 	0
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt 	1
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way . 	1
has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had 	0
that is really funny 	1
the thrills 	1
third time 's the charm ... 	1
to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company 	0
watching monkeys flinging their feces at you 	0
like a can of 2-day old coke . 	0
sink it 	0
the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half 	0
's also not very good 	0
unsurprising 	0
is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . 	1
's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one 	0
as fresh 	1
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control 	1
by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers 	1
, it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women . 	0
like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together . 	0
shadowy 	0
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama 	1
elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level . 	0
with passion and attitude 	1
very funny 	1
most late-night bull sessions 	0
a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni 	1
teens are looking for something to make them laugh 	1
intriguing what-if premise 	1
gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists 	1
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold . 	1
to be something really good 	1
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos 	0
no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg 	0
of an upper class austrian society 	1
a huge fan 	1
lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary 	1
violent 	0
it 's not bad prose 	1
destructive 	0
many inimitable scenes 	1
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way . 	0
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but 	0
liked this film a lot 	1
pretentious endeavor 	0
much of what we see is horrible but 	0
nazi 	0
trade center tragedy 	0
although olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation 	0
first lousy guy ritchie imitation 	0
misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche 	0
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel . 	0
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else . 	1
ballot 	1
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years . 	1
feel sad 	0
if you find comfort in familiarity 	1
make the most of its own ironic implications 	1
it 's just rather leaden and dull . 	0
this is one that should be thrown back in the river 	0
sun-drenched masterpiece 	1
a good deal funnier 	1
who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness 	1
an excellent job 	1
redundant and inauthentic 	0
the visual wit 	1
wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater 	0
graces 	1
amazingly 	1
a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening 	1
sing beautifully 	1
with little visible talent and no energy 	0
, this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression . 	0
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , 	1
never quite ignites . 	0
a heartfelt story 	1
george hickenlooper 's 	1
wo n't be disappointed 	1
scarily funny , 	1
has lost its edge 	0
to huston 's revelatory performance 	1
needless 	0
daytime tv serviceability , but little more 	1
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances 	1
even if it made its original release date last fall 	0
that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek 	0
home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . 	1
to a better tomorrow 	1
to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion 	1
quite a bit of heart 	1
pompous and 	0
a remarkably cohesive whole 	1
questionable kind 	0
junkie 	0
bully 	0
what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	1
absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer 	0
that lifts your spirits 	1
catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ? 	0
linger long after this film has ended 	1
in its understanding , often funny way 	1
brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability 	1
empty stud knockabout 	0
beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes . 	1
mired in stasis 	0
an unsuccessful attempt 	0
aside from rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view , the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art . 	1
remarkable yet shockingly 	1
a no-bull throwback 	1
conspicuous 	0
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters 	1
stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) 	0
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic 	1
picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks 	0
is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten 	1
held my interest precisely because it did n't try to 	1
confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 	1
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , 	1
, comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 	0
i walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . 	1
being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem 	1
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , 	1
oscar-winning master 	1
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope . 	1
beautifully choreographed 	1
's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure . 	1
with fascinating connections 	1
challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture . 	1
plodding soap opera 	0
hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously 	0
well-executed 	1
clichés , depression and bad alternative music 	0
sleep 	0
it too is a bomb . 	0
with an artistry that also smacks of revelation 	1
extravagant confidence 	1
of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout 	1
role , or edit , or score , or anything , really 	1
much imagination 	1
is a movie so insecure about its capacity 	0
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle . 	1
top-notch action powers this romantic drama . 	1
a charmer 	1
the serbs themselves 	1
short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty 	1
sheer goofiness and cameos 	1
mothers , 	0
i 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . 	0
a disaster 	0
with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza 	1
its great credit 	1
deranged immediacy 	1
works superbly 	1
, illuminating study 	1
see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some 	1
does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour 	0
libido film 	1
to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 	1
tasteless and 	0
a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents 	1
by the artsy and often pointless visuals 	0
stand tall 	1
makes all the difference . 	1
clever exercise 	1
themes that interest attal and gainsbourg 	1
the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles 	1
the thematic ironies are too obvious 	0
with the titillating material 	1
mean-spirited and wryly 	0
unusual but pleasantly haunting debut 	1
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact 	1
fiction 	1
been lost in the mail 	0
of visual and verbal clichés 	0
refreshing change 	1
, sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 	1
an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler . 	0
, ugly , irritating 	0
frequent laughter 	1
is a gory slash-fest 	0
probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year 	1
a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men 	1
wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama 	1
mtv schmucks 	0
extraordinary intelligence and originality 	1
artificial structure 	0
thoughtful , emotional movie experience 	1
a fascinating curiosity piece -- 	1
does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor 	0
, its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start . 	1
the brilliant performances 	1
say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 	1
boring talking heads 	0
one of the best gay love stories 	1
, it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 	0
pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure 	1
an undeniably moving film to experience 	1
realistic ' 	1
shapeless documentary 	0
stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure 	0
good-naturedly 	1
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . 	1
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation . 	1
with an astoundingly rich film 	1
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews 	1
edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 	1
going to be really awful 	0
a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals 	0
is as conventional as can be 	0
a direct hit 	1
project greenlight '' winner 	1
's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type 	0
than sucking you in ... and making you sweat 	1
i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism . 	0
become wearisome 	0
manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill 	1
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america . 	1
fact , the best in recent memory 	1
than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 	0
consistently amusing but 	1
even lazier and 	0
artful 	1
to be a new yorker 	1
is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore 	0
the sword fighting is well done 	1
much of it is funny , 	1
extremely unpleasant film 	0
should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting 	1
very meticulously but without any passion 	0
a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast . 	0
a sentimental mess 	0
passion 	1
genuine insight 	1
a classic fairy tale 	1
, and not strictly in the knowledge imparted 	1
aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed 	1
i enjoyed . 	1
strong dramatic and emotional pull 	1
is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew 	1
road to perdition does display greatness , and 	1
the rest of the film ... is dudsville . 	0
ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- 	1
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered 	0
unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` scooby ' do n't . 	0
will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination 	1
does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head 	0
the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 	1
nonsensical and laughable 	0
a very charming and funny movie 	1
the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 	0
tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers 	0
that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own 	0
a great combination act 	1
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 	0
is its energy 	1
extraordinary poignancy 	1
newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	1
damn fine 	1
suitably kooky which should appeal to women and 	1
cinema classic 	1
be both hugely entertaining and uplifting 	1
unique and inherent 	1
like no other film in recent history 	1
wonderful on the big screen 	1
's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california 	0
the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it 	1
its scrapbook of oddballs 	0
is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive 	0
no point 	0
no idea of it is serious 	0
schmaltz 	0
does a solid job of slowly , 	1
, characterization , poignancy , and intelligence 	1
as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west 	0
ourselves and 	1
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr . 	1
any film more challenging or depressing 	0
seem sincere , and just 	1
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene . 	0
engaging and moving portrait 	1
how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery . 	0
` swept away ' sinks . 	0
is a great deal of fun . 	1
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline - 	0
rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest 	0
it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . 	0
it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't 	1
wayward wooden one 	0
disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera 	0
uncomfortably strained 	0
going wrong 	0
, there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable . 	0
enormously entertaining 	1
that has no teeth 	0
more playful 	1
acted , quietly affecting cop drama . 	1
ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production 	0
ethical and philosophical 	1
as an exceptional thriller 	1
with star power , a pop-induced score 	1
lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work 	0
one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs 	1
while it can be a bit repetitive 	0
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and 	1
badder 	0
does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . 	1
he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film 	1
does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 	0
a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries 	1
barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it 	0
as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo 	0
with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds 	1
proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies 	0
off-putting 	0
acidity 	0
love in remembrance . 	1
vivid characters and a warm , moving message 	1
, in itself , is extraordinary . 	1
gives everyone something 	1
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues 	0
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor 	0
pleasantly 	1
its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures 	1
did no one on the set have a sense of humor 	0
've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time . 	0
driver and goodfellas 	1
lethargically paced parable of renewal . 	0
spellbinding fun and 	1
( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) 	0
, spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 	0
hardly watchable 	0
could have guessed at the beginning 	0
are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all 	0
in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 	1
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop . 	1
i skipped country bears 	0
pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car 	0
perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making 	1
he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 	1
poetic 	1
act weird 	0
stiff , ponderous and charmless 	0
worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids 	0
it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect . 	1
cares 	1
looking for a story 	0
a real human soul 	1
there 's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . 	1
a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities 	0
you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence . 	0
immensely entertaining look 	1
that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers 	1
a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense 	1
're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins 	0
enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . 	1
and effective film 	1
complex 	1
're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . 	0
enjoyable family 	1
bad movie 	0
while bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals 	1
gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . ' 	0
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness 	1
there 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something . 	1
charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal 	1
the belly laughs 	1
you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party . 	0
more playful tone 	1
a portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake . 	1
loved the look of this film . 	1
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and 	1
it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at . 	0
is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 	0
, unusual , even nutty 	1
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire 	1
into a fascinating part of theater history 	1
fish-out-of-water formula 	0
, however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 	0
compelling and horrifying story 	1
just send it to cranky . 	0
callow rich boy 	0
if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment . 	0
straining to produce another smash 	0
affair 	0
the layers of soap-opera emotion 	0
childish 	0
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel . 	1
seems endless . 	0
funny and human and 	1
dreadful romance 	0
ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice 	0
an eerie thriller 	1
's unfocused and tediously exasperating 	0
his dependence on slapstick 	0
epic treatment 	1
the bottom of the barrel 	0
warmed up to him 	1
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , 	1
the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops 	0
a dud -- 	0
instead of trying to bust some blondes , ( diggs ) should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 	0
an ease 	1
so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident 	0
, this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment . 	1
gangs 	0
of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away 	1
its smallness 	1
a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 	1
the strain of its plot contrivances and 	0
but it was n't horrible either . 	1
jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging . 	0
's kind of insulting , both to men and women 	0
with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity 	1
shrewd but pointless . 	0
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard . 	0
the evocative imagery and 	1
as one of the worst films of the summer 	0
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : 	0
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity . 	0
the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 	1
a lovely , eerie film 	1
may have expected to record with their mini dv 	1
keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired . 	0
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning . 	1
the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls 	0
does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller 	0
touching , raucously amusing , 	1
for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . 	1
triumph ' 	1
good documentarian 	1
a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety 	0
she is merely a charmless witch . 	0
more repulsive 	0
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it 	0
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . 	1
inspiring , ironic 	1
that these brats will ever be anything more than losers 	0
's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies 	0
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and 	1
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film 	0
instantly forgettable and 	0
worth watching 	1
extraordinary film 	1
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere 	0
his prime 	1
occasional belly laugh 	1
argentine american beauty reeks 	0
a barrie good time 	1
clever and cutting , quick and dirty look 	1
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain 	1
good deal 	1
wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films . 	0
crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies 	0
promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip 	0
improbable as this premise may seem , abbass 's understated 	1
this is a children 's film in the truest sense . 	1
plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff 	0
much more successful 	1
the pale script 	0
is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through 	0
94-minute travesty 	0
a fine , focused piece 	1
to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored 	0
a good film in `` trouble every day 	1
engaging . 	1
more than capable of rewarding them 	1
writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred . 	1
has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne 	0
a remarkable film 	1
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids . 	1
female population 	0
wonderfully sympathetic 	1
if it were any more of a turkey 	0
its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be 	1
you feel guilty about it 	0
dusty 	0
humanly 	1
pushed to their most virtuous limits 	1
no wit , only 	0
the rare common-man artist 	1
self-pitying 	0
lousy john q 	0
the guru who helped 	1
suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing 	0
botched in execution 	0
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films . 	1
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in . 	0
offers big , fat , dumb 	0
wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 	0
before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about 	0
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance 	1
with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing 	1
tortured 	0
a world of hurt 	0
rewarded with some fine acting 	1
their funny bones tickled 	1
`` un-bear-able '' project 	0
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message 	1
nijinsky 	1
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser . 	0
celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! ) 	1
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , 	0
the lush scenery 	1
more if it had just gone that one step further 	0
makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing 	1
gentle , touching 	1
is awesome 	1
a hole in your head 	0
though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his 	1
likable 	1
older and wiser eyes , 	1
bile 	0
works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . 	1
a pathetically inane and unimaginative 	0
if not a home run , then at least 	1
the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear 	1
as rewarding 	1
a doa dud from frame one . 	0
so old-fashioned 	0
summer blockbuster 	1
to find the small , human moments 	1
some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood 	1
a corn dog 	0
this unique director 's previous films 	1
canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city . 	1
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette 	1
hackneyed and 	0
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense . 	0
distances you 	0
romantic and 	1
as a historical study and as a tragic love story 	1
white has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . 	0
makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while 	1
plenty to impress about e.t. 	1
besotted and obvious 	0
of read my lips 	1
interesting look 	1
witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals 	0
puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination . 	0
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , 	1
is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' 	0
of matthew shepard 	1
should stop trying to please his mom 	0
immersive powers 	1
fills me with revulsion . 	0
set it apart from other deep south stories 	1
replete with the pubescent scandalous 	0
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say 	1
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then blood work is for you . 	0
right choices 	1
an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities 	1
weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne 	0
does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time 	1
, this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all . 	1
insomnia is one of the year 's best films and 	1
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . ' 	1
worthwhile moviegoing experience 	1
so prolonged and boring 	0
saw the film 	1
of paint-by-number romantic comedies 	1
smarter than your average bond . 	1
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book . 	0
a tragic dimension 	0
it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 	0
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting 	1
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , 	1
rarely work in movies now 	0
comic fan 	1
perfectly serviceable 	1
eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters . 	1
love song 	1
brutal honesty and respect 	1
the best sequel 	1
its slightly humorous and tender story 	1
a choppy ending 	0
grows on you -- 	1
tired , unnecessary retread 	0
better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least 	1
the dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence 	1
are enthralling 	1
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and 	1
true impact 	1
like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . 	1
unnerving suspense 	1
promising , talented , charismatic and tragically 	1
if a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 	1
inept and artificial 	0
gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug . 	1
an impossible spot 	1
delightfully charming -- and 	1
of heart or conservative of spirit 	1
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time 	1
movie version 	1
is that the entire exercise has no real point 	0
but a tedious picture 	0
it actually hurts to watch . 	0
, the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 	0
be oblivious to the existence of this film 	0
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods . 	1
tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points 	0
horrendously 	0
may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 	1
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted . 	0
gratingly unfunny groaner 	0
is painfully formulaic and stilted 	0
is often quite rich and exciting 	1
is n't very interesting actually 	0
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit . 	0
from dawson 's creek 	1
is too amateurishly square 	0
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us 	1
unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman 	1
too blatant 	0
a really cool bit -- 	1
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and 	1
, i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet . 	0
jumps to the head of the class of women 's films 	1
generates plot points 	1
really , really good 	1
wo n't care 	0
bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film 	1
, inconsistent , dishonest 	0
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , 	0
kinda wrong 	0
in an irresistible junior-high way , 	1
i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close . 	1
makes up for in heart 	1
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling . 	0
be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus 	1
starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points . 	0
are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable 	0
becomes more and more frustrating 	0
called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful 	0
generous 	1
are too immature and unappealing to care about . 	0
guy gets girl 	1
succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 	1
thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . 	0
refreshes the mind and spirit along 	1
is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them 	0
sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh 	0
the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived 	1
i certainly was n't feeling any of it 	0
, intelligence and verve 	1
real-life story 	1
forceful drama 	1
cold and dead 	0
with a flourish 	1
do that is really funny 	1
is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines . 	0
eric 	1
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives . 	0
painful , obnoxious 	0
full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them 	0
the emotional heart of happy 	1
, proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	1
terrible events 	0
develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	1
could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own 	0
garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work . 	1
going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 	1
a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust 	1
maturity 	1
an equally miserable film the following year 	0
adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary . 	1
your least favorite 	0
a rating of zero 	0
new ground 	1
captivating details 	1
a chiller resolutely without chills . 	0
impression 	1
two-way 	1
happy ending 	1
appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond 	1
is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller 	1
is dreary and sluggish 	0
needed more emphasis 	0
disappointed 	0
watered down the version of the one 	0
it just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 	0
exhilarating but blatantly biased . 	1
smartly directed , grown-up film 	1
ransacks its archives 	0
psychologically revealing . 	1
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here . 	1
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 	0
light the candles , bring out the cake and 	1
all right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 	1
an eye-boggling blend 	1
shared by the nation at their sacrifice . 	1
, amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . 	1
virtuosic 	1
of the great crimes 	0
technically and artistically inept 	0
is fascinating 	1
otherwise dull subjects 	0
like a can of 2-day old coke 	0
the suggested and the unknown 	0
is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture 	0
the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and 	0
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential 	0
a predictably efficient piece 	1
`` project greenlight '' winner 	1
the humanity of its people 	1
comfort in familiarity 	1
so fascinating 	1
equally great robin williams performance 	1
who embraces a strict moral code 	1
never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti 	1
to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum 	0
's drab . 	0
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and 	1
with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery 	1
accomplished and richly resonant work 	1
the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge 	1
mindless pace in collision 	0
exquisite trappings 	1
been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format 	1
all its problems 	0
funny , charming and quirky 	1
super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid 	0
a perceptive study 	1
real natural , even-flowing tone 	1
like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining . 	0
it must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes 	1
compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity 	1
oscar-nominated documentary 	1
its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , 	0
scenery , vibe and all -- 	1
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped 	1
warm up to 	1
's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low 	0
jae-eun jeong 's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema . 	1
brutally honest 	1
of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality 	0
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother . 	1
undeniable social realism 	1
a dentist drill 	0
, time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 	1
every faltering half-step 	0
new release 	1
of irreparable damage 	0
, amusing , tender and heart-wrenching 	1
's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him 	1
, more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . 	0
where human nature should be ingratiating 	0
acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being 	0
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . 	1
disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas 	0
favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing 	0
equally derisive clunker 	0
sorrowfully 	0
'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser 	0
is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . 	0
rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone 	1
win a wide summer audience 	1
a ton of laughs 	1
the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year 	1
engages us in constant fits of laughter 	1
of narrative banality 	0
an abused , inner-city autistic 	0
allows the mind to enter and accept another world 	1
on a group of extremely talented musicians 	1
walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome 	0
has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them 	0
about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 	1
the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series 	0
the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil 	1
it 's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? '' 	0
true cinematic knack 	1
you 're in for a painful ride . 	0
that carries a charge of genuine excitement 	1
to be affected and boring 	0
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing . 	1
a directorial tour de force 	1
endearing and 	1
wayward 	0
the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch 	1
is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd 	0
otherwise good-naturedness 	1
playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 	0
precious than perspicacious 	1
manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish . 	1
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , 	0
a hokey piece 	0
at times it 's simply baffling 	0
prescribed 	1
as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . 	1
something entertaining 	1
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones . 	0
may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless 	1
it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later . 	1
dynamic first act 	1
draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing 	1
distinct and very welcome 	1
that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs 	1
yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie 	1
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance 	1
this film is part of that delicate canon 	1
a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings 	0
, the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . ' 	0
lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human 	1
, the satire is weak . 	0
seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece 	0
filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner 	0
terrific score 	1
the same old story 	0
in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second . 	1
exciting to watch as two last-place basketball 	0
is it as smart 	1
is robotically italicized 	0
seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits 	0
engaging 	1
a delightful , well-crafted family film 	1
especially well 	1
constrictive eisenhower era 	1
yet the act is still charming here . 	1
peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body 	0
aesthetic experience 	1
is magnificent 	1
a remarkably insightful 	1
of strung-together tv episodes 	0
cherished 	1
this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . 	1
'' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan 	1
i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies . 	1
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , 	0
with a company of strictly a-list players 	1
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect . 	0
the nourishing aspects of love and companionship 	1
ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	1
'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time . 	1
brushes 	1
it 's an ambitious film 	1
is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography 	1
a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women . 	0
of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking 	1
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves . 	0
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . 	1
whipping 	0
seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string 	1
's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack 	0
is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times . 	1
of two unrelated shorts that falls far short 	0
the actors ' perfect comic timing 	1
a hole in the head 	0
color and depth , and rather a good time 	1
a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged . 	1
a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue 	1
some genuine spontaneity 	1
is able to overcome the triviality of the story 	1
has had some success with documentaries 	1
this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery . 	1
several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie 	0
in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion 	1
the best of them 	1
several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 	1
strange and compelling 	1
the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne 	1
none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising 	0
comes off as a long 	0
lively intelligence 	1
wonderful performances 	1
the thin veneer of nationalism 	0
cruelly funny twist 	1
see what he could make with a decent budget 	1
, however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 	0
to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel 	0
for its originality 	1
does n't even qualify as a spoof of such 	0
divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure 	0
a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 	1
do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any 	0
merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 	0
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it . 	1
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion 	1
show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn 	0
in the sun 	1
manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it 	1
's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 	0
uh , shred , 	0
a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 	1
to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life 	1
steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	1
appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes 	0
doltish 	0
's as crisp and to the point 	1
is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two 	1
capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy 	1
the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience . 	0
that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action 	0
the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . 	0
lighting effects and 	1
wasted potential 	0
of a valentine sealed with a kiss 	1
is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly . 	0
should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title 	0
been edited at all 	0
` what 's the russian word for wow !? ' 	1
you love reading and/or poetry 	1
phrase ` fatal script error 	0
no excuse 	0
it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony 	0
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 - hour , dissipated length . 	1
her nomination as best actress even more 	1
of the same old garbage 	0
rare in the depiction of young women in film 	1
an excruciating film 	0
fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 	1
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- 	1
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 	1
well-developed 	1
model 	1
a little less charm 	0
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 	1
into that annoying specimen of humanity 	0
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better . 	0
seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 	0
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . 	1
settles on a consistent tone . 	1
because it 's so bad 	0
is a great film . 	1
endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison 	0
a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes 	0
easy , comfortable 	1
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words 	1
in this pretentious mess 	0
allow the suit to come to life 	1
one splendidly cast pair 	1
of theater history 	1
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally 	1
an athlete 	1
is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine 	1
, stupid and pointless 	0
comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs 	0
limited but enthusiastic 	1
for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 	0
... while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks . 	0
, i do n't see the point 	0
is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone . 	1
the worst dialogue 	0
likely to see all year 	1
long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 	0
spiffy 	1
the worst possibilities 	0
critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development 	0
the central flaw 	0
others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 	1
of social texture and realism 	1
triumphant , 	1
impossibly long limbs 	1
star bruce willis 	1
needs to stay afloat in hollywood 	0
recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out 	1
genre gem 	1
some cute moments , 	1
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous . 	1
eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness . 	1
a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening 	0
unexpected fable 	1
has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf 	0
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being . 	0
will be lulled into a coma 	0
a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience 	0
petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... 	1
generates little narrative momentum 	0
spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . 	1
a manically generous christmas 	1
from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up 	0
beguiling freshness 	1
a noble end 	1
found this a remarkable and novel concept 	1
aimless hodgepodge 	0
gives none to the audience 	0
its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes 	1
is deliberately unsettling 	0
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 1/2 weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema . 	1
to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) 	0
if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 	0
as blasphemous and nonsensical 	0
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch 	1
non-firsthand experience 	0
of the funniest jokes of any movie 	1
genuinely pretty 	1
a lack of clarity and audacity 	0
combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs 	1
an american actress who becomes fully english 	1
is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting 	1
funny , touching , smart and complicated 	1
ignites 	1
as the movie dragged on 	0
walled-off 	0
refreshingly unhibited 	1
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world . 	1
still rapturous after all these years 	1
self-conscious art drivel 	0
brutally dry satire 	0
most refreshing 	1
-- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity 	0
women torn apart by a legacy of abuse 	0
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end . 	0
showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . 	1
to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie 	0
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly 	1
the hell cares 	0
is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career . 	0
awe and affection -- and 	1
on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 	0
gorgeous visuals 	1
resourceful hero 	1
-- worst of all -- 	0
such high-wattage brainpower 	1
a lingering creepiness one 	0
reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death 	1
a properly spooky film 	1
after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing 	1
great acting 	1
well-structured 	1
this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids . 	1
wonderfully loopy tale 	1
turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count . 	1
every cheap trick 	0
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , 	1
it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance 	0
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater 	1
marvelously entertaining and 	1
the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures 	0
treating female follies 	1
a downward narcotized spiral 	0
this exciting new filmmaker 	1
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis . 	0
without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking . 	0
rewarding 	1
intermezzo strain 	1
another key contribution 	1
babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy 	0
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious 	1
been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement 	0
wedding 	1
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about drumline is its energy 	1
( a ) soulless , stupid sequel ... 	0
escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks 	1
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating . 	0
bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans 	0
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even 	0
manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy . 	1
, it delivers the same message as jiri menzel 's closely watched trains and danis tanovic 's no man 's land . 	1
sumptuous 	1
tug at your heart in ways 	1
represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream 	1
`` new best friend '' 	1
mr. polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 	1
a huge sacrifice of character and mood 	0
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline . 	0
would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement . 	0
does n't necessarily 	0
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and 	1
the latter 's attendant intelligence 	0
derivative and hammily acted . 	0
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , 	1
jarring shocks 	1
one-of-a-kind tour de force 	1
's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . 	0
a children 's party clown 	0
so downbeat and nearly humorless 	0
that delicate canon 	1
usually genuinely worthwhile 	1
thanks to great performances 	1
is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 	0
-- and deeply appealing -- 	1
general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music 	0
crude film 	0
defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	0
really adorable italian guys . 	1
it must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes . 	1
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior 	0
loud and boring 	0
to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape 	0
everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar 	0
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling 	1
the same number of continuity errors 	0
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on 	1
the most offensive thing about the movie 	0
a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences 	0
should n't have been made 	0
exhilarating new 	1
this story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments . 	1
a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise 	0
your disgust and your indifference 	0
that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 	1
the waterlogged script 	0
an emotionally satisfying exploration 	1
as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly 	0
short of both adventure and song 	0
list 	0
, passionate 	1
genuinely bone-chilling tale 	1
a smart new comedy 	1
if occasionally flawed , 	0
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , 	1
stays with you 	1
simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . 	0
practices 	1
there is n't much there here . 	0
the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense . 	0
make this worth a peek . 	1
being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel 	0
a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones 	1
an important , original talent in international cinema 	1
she 's cut open a vein 	0
life and beauty 	1
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience 	1
've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic 	0
charm , generosity and diplomacy 	1
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth . 	1
is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise 	0
the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain 	1
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , 	1
may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families 	0
it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year 	1
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 	0
unfunny and unentertaining 	0
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling . 	1
're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic . 	0
fuzzy 	1
... is magnificent 	1
crime 	0
, save your disgust and your indifference 	0
are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances 	0
not-at-all-good 	0
that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie 	1
so distasteful 	0
like a blown-out vein 	0
erotic or sensuous charge 	1
artistically inept 	0
predictable and cloying 	0
seems as if each watered down the version of the one before 	0
flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion 	0
keep the story subtle and us in suspense 	1
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom 	0
big-fisted 	1
sexy intrigue 	1
'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about 	0
nary an original idea 	0
hate it 	0
represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . 	0
what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 	0
-- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm . 	1
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care . 	1
a soul and 	1
is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy . 	1
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film . 	1
davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take 	1
this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . 	0
from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories 	0
obvious determination to shock at any cost 	0
to be because it plays everything too safe 	0
a revealing look at the collaborative process and 	1
is far less mature 	0
a half-hearted fluke 	0
some nice twists 	1
pulls off the feat with aplomb 	1
, kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . 	1
cop flick cliches 	0
crafted , and well executed 	1
it 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast . 	0
some terrific setpieces 	1
decent kid-pleasing 	1
deeply unsettling experience 	0
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion 	0
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor 	1
more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat . 	0
more enjoyable than its predecessor 	1
with more holes than clyde barrow 's car 	0
forcing 	0
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , 	1
allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal . 	1
are actually fascinating 	1
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . 	0
murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier . 	1
moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming 	1
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed . 	1
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic . 	0
in asia , where ms. shu is an institution 	1
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it 	0
it 's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen . 	0
works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful . 	1
nonsensical and laughable plotting 	0
more a gunfest than a rock concert . 	0
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy 	0
noticeably derivative 	0
retard 	0
mawkish self-parody 	0
based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold 	1
bland but harmless . 	0
is polanski 's best film 	1
phoned-in business as usual . 	0
make this a comedy or serious drama 	0
highly watchable 	1
's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion 	0
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... there is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' . 	1
some talented performers 	1
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . 	1
, you 'll enjoy this movie . 	1
walk to remember '' 	1
crass and insulting homage 	0
makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook 	1
complex and quirky , 	1
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 	1
's also uninspired 	0
unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations 	0
some cynical creeps 	0
an appealing veneer 	1
cause loads of irreparable damage 	0
has less spice than a rat burger 	0
the movie 's wildly careening tone 	0
comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting . 	1
uphill or something 	1
the worst 	0
to courage and happiness 	1
sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 	0
is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story . 	0
with an original idea for a teen movie 	1
benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story . 	1
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go 	0
amusing , but ultimately so 	1
avary seems to care about 	1
map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own 	0
exceptionally good 	1
were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 	1
with it 	1
adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design . 	0
that seem so real in small doses 	1
pummel us 	0
a cut-and-paste 	0
enjoy for a lifetime 	1
blind , crippled , amish people 	0
works spectacularly well ... 	1
know what to make of this italian freakshow 	0
of particular value or merit 	1
that catches you up in something bigger than yourself 	1
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences . 	0
outstanding thrillers 	1
gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake 	1
... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces . 	0
idiotic 	0
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine 	0
it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , 	0
stay away . 	0
tacky and 	0
obscenely bad dark comedy 	0
's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing . 	1
on top of a foundering performance , ( madonna 's ) denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 	0
deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe 	0
weighs down the tale with bogus profundities . 	0
elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender 	1
is a bowser 	0
its dark , delicate treatment of these characters 	1
a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch 	1
offers an unexpected window 	1
that breaks your heart 	0
sparkling with ideas 	1
staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films 	0
what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once 	0
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith . 	1
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and 	1
of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot 	0
lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema 	1
something provocative 	1
guilty 	0
dicey 	0
just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract 	0
lightweight but appealing 	1
a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized 	0
assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	0
laugh-out-loud 	1
missing from this material 	0
are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film . 	1
austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 	0
the plot is paper-thin and 	0
with fewer gags to break the tedium . 	0
refuses to evaluate his own work 	0
biologically 	1
in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent 	1
to the road warrior 	1
's a liability 	0
spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry . 	1
amiable but unfocused 	0
may have many agendas 	1
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it . 	1
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures . 	0
it 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair . 	1
uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree 	1
freedom to feel contradictory things 	1
maryam is more timely now than ever . 	1
proves tiresome 	0
so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey 	0
, sometimes creepy intimacy 	0
forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot 	0
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply . 	0
strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth 	1
sexy and romantic 	1
pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ... 	1
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now . 	0
this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . 	1
without stickiness 	1
this rather unfocused 	0
dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick 	0
of temptation , salvation and good intentions 	1
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . 	0
the chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . 	0
a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- 	0
oddly compelling 	1
the marvelous verdu , 	1
would be me : fighting off the urge to doze 	0
accident-prone 	0
young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work . 	1
his trademark misogyny 	0
our moviemakers 	1
suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary 	1
allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . 	1
dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer 	0
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness . 	1
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even 	1
is funny and pithy 	1
laughs 	1
chin 's film serves up with style and empathy 	1
the script is smart , not cloying . 	1
a complete waste of time 	0
at last 	1
two directors with far less endearing disabilities 	0
has little to do with the story 	0
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message 	0
it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . 	1
form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people . 	1
for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger 	1
simple-minded 	0
they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others 	1
appealingly manic and energetic 	1
an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers 	1
the boobs are fantasti 	1
further 	1
, the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . 	0
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations . 	0
interested in the sights and sounds of battle 	1
rent those movies instead 	0
showcases the city 's old-world charm 	1
motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover 	0
fast-paced 	1
it 's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments . 	1
more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned 	0
a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	0
recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	0
strong first act 	1
trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great 	0
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension 	0
a great saturday night live sketch 	1
, but how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? 	0
a very well-meaning movie , and it 	1
pretty bad 	0
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus . 	1
make for a winning , heartwarming yarn . 	1
, overlong , and bombastic 	0
it 's far tamer than advertised 	0
deficit 	0
well-balanced 	1
sending the audience straight to hell 	0
very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable 	1
winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand . 	0
watch witherspoon 's talents 	1
it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain . 	1
summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle 	1
prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece 	1
rare and lightly entertaining 	1
if nothing else , `` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 	0
exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken . 	1
keep people going in this crazy life 	1
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 	0
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and 	1
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality 	0
gorgeous locales 	1
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary 	1
mopping up 	1
straight-ahead 	1
barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . 	1
steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology 	0
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes . 	0
often-funny drama 	1
farts , urine , feces , semen 	0
, the film becomes predictably conventional . 	0
reluctant 	0
it was just a matter of ` eh . ' 	0
love-struck 	1
plenty of baggage 	0
the fantastic and 	1
about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , 	0
more grueling and time-consuming 	0
clearly well-intentioned 	1
like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . 	0
keeps lifting the pedestal higher 	1
may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother . 	1
is impossible to find the film anything but 	0
seemingly irreconcilable 	0
becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on . 	0
fact and fancy with such confidence 	1
it 's fun , but it 's a real howler . 	1
it 's never dull and always looks good . 	1
highly cerebral 	1
animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame 	1
to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time 	1
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category 	1
's with the unexplained baboon cameo 	0
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market . 	1
antonio banderas 	1
does have its charms . 	1
, i ca n't compare friday after next to them 	0
if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time . 	1
opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn 	1
mumbles his way through the movie 	0
( washington 's ) strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene . 	1
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options . 	1
pompous and garbled 	0
even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 	0
found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime 	1
good actors , even kingsley 	1
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . 	0
are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting . 	1
which somehow snagged an oscar nomination 	0
may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother 	1
the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season 	1
will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy . 	1
is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective . 	1
fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 	1
wait for your pay per view dollar 	0
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale 	1
implodes 	0
've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch 	0
a phony relationship 	0
a pleasing , 	1
compelling motion 	1
one of the great films about movie love 	1
down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito 	0
a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow 	1
suffering 	0
come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc 	0
a gentle and engrossing character study . 	1
is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons . 	1
, director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors . 	0
swept away by the sheer beauty of his images 	1
seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast 	1
a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many 	1
seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony 	0
brilliance 	1
is n't world championship material 	0
deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . 	0
moderately successful 	1
fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country 	0
like an all-star salute 	1
does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	1
-- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- 	1
crude storyline 	0
insultingly inept and artificial examination 	0
is a whole lot of fun 	1
be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) 	1
of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 	0
madonna is one helluva singer . 	1
the el cheapo margaritas 	0
if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy 	1
great and a terrible story 	1
he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 	1
inuit masterpiece 	1
infuriating film . 	0
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book 	1
tends to plod 	0
worth a summertime look-see 	1
have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture 	1
the lively intelligence of the artists 	1
be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure 	1
maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' 	0
`` ambitious failure 	0
blank yearning 	0
in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing 	1
with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera 	1
but mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic . 	1
creative composure 	1
gory mayhem '' 	0
an impeccable sense 	1
ferrara 's best film in years 	1
cherish ' 	1
ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance . 	1
excellent companion piece 	1
poorly written , murky and weakly acted 	0
instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence . 	0
smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction 	0
a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns 	1
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters . 	1
richly detailed , deftly executed 	1
, for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent 	1
in the process created a masterful work of art of their own 	1
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	0
quite beautiful 	1
in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying 	0
the finest films 	1
got me grinning . 	1
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out 	0
as tiresome as 9 seconds 	0
wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers . 	0
such master screenwriting 	1
showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks 	0
it 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest . 	1
unique director 's 	1
understanding of the expressive power of the camera 	1
makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde 	0
now we 've got something pretty damn close 	1
keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats 	1
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film 	1
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever . 	1
has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection . 	1
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and 	1
such a blip on the year 's radar screen 	0
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films 	0
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe 	0
an action/thriller 	1
shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative . 	0
together with efficiency and an affection for the period 	1
unexpectedly giddy viewing 	1
to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze 	1
meaningful historical context 	1
waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie 	1
a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights 	1
like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 	0
is twice as bestial but half as funny 	0
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters 	0
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously 	0
, fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . 	1
most enjoyable 	1
, i hate myself most mornings . 	0
as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles 	0
sweet , funny , 	1
are flat 	0
make paid in full worth seeing . 	1
make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 	1
victimized 	0
the film to drag on for nearly three hours 	0
what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music . 	1
well-written as sexy beast 	1
that even tunney ca n't save 	0
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , 	1
our close ties with animals 	1
as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy . 	0
stunningly 	1
is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad 	1
inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor 	1
fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes 	0
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama . 	0
emotionally devastating 	0
sits in the place where a masterpiece should be . 	1
its namesake proud 	1
after a while 	0
with unimaginable demons 	1
the grossest movie 	0
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , 	1
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages . 	0
ensemble cast romances recently 	1
makes us believe she is kahlo 	1
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . 	1
charmless witch 	0
into elaborate choreography 	1
too simplistic to maintain interest 	0
goddammit 	0
like having a real film of nijinsky 	1
worst kind 	0
sermonize 	0
be a breath of fresh air 	1
bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene 	1
drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another 	0
instantly know whodunit 	0
the atmosphere 	1
all-time low 	0
me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire 	0
deliberately and skillfully uses 	1
the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first . 	1
an ungainly movie , ill-fitting 	0
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but 	0
the plot has a number of holes 	0
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore 	0
a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy . 	1
hitchcockian suspense 	1
deadly dull 	0
fine , focused piece 	1
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests 	0
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ? 	1
who ca n't act 	0
nubile young actors 	1
impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise 	1
where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity 	1
it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity 	1
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject 	1
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , 	0
sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 . 	0
other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents . 	0
ridiculous and 	0
fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness 	0
found the perfect material 	1
that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone 	0
convince us of that all on their own 	1
fine 	1
what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents 	0
irreparably drags the film down . 	0
berry 's saucy , 	1
, eight crazy nights is a total misfire . 	0
too amateurishly square 	0
terribly monotonous 	0
it 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more . 	1
and unoriginal mess 	0
the extent to which it succeeds is impressive . 	1
so insanely stupid 	0
's a rock-solid little genre picture 	1
of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition 	1
enjoyable film 	1
horrors ! 	0
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking 	1
that makes as much of a mess as this one 	0
be particularly innovative 	1
a heartening tale 	1
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... 	1
a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror . 	0
own staggeringly unoriginal terms 	0
can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it . 	0
the only thing i laughed at 	0
is too insistent 	0
to squeeze a few laughs out of the material 	0
feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain . 	1
, at 66 , has stopped challenging himself 	0
leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying 	1
relatively flavorless 	0
subversive 	0
mind-numbingly , indescribably bad 	0
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment . 	1
and unsettling subject matter 	0
exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise . 	0
to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other 	0
he will once again be an honest and loving one 	1
promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish . 	1
trip tripe 	0
unsuccessful 	0
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic 	0
into an excruciating film 	0
as beautiful , desirable , 	1
unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive 	1
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness . 	1
suffer ' 	0
an admirably dark first script by brent hanley 	1
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . 	1
of genres that just does n't work 	0
slowed down by a stroke 	0
blatant product placement 	0
been lost in the translation 	0
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating 	0
to triumph over a scrooge or two 	1
this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast 	0
an invaluable service 	1
brisk 	1
a sappy , preachy one 	0
gone straight to video 	0
an ultra-loud blast 	1
several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is . 	0
asylum material 	0
clean 	1
astonishingly pivotal role 	1
's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise 	0
made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . 	0
seems to remain an unchanged dullard 	0
winning story 	1
of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable 	1
of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences 	1
i liked the movie , but 	1
fondness 	1
stamina and vitality 	1
to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film 	1
magical 	1
elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 	1
alexandre 	1
that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . 	0
is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 	1
feeble 	0
you 're a fan of the series 	1
this mess of a movie 	0
mcgrath 	0
provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen . 	1
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie 	1
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon 	1
's best 	1
is visually smart , cleverly written 	1
; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' 	0
with passion 	1
director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time 	0
slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 	0
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination 	0
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting 	0
straight-ahead thriller 	1
quite simply , should n't have been made 	0
into a cinematic poem 	1
assume is just another day of brit cinema 	0
, you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 	0
the sense of fierce competition 	1
an infectious enthusiasm 	1
and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful 	1
does n't work as either 	0
how horrible 	0
elevates the material above pat inspirational status 	1
it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 	1
is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next 	1
it is hard to resist 	1
a domestic unit finding their way to joy 	1
gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake 	1
environmental pollution 	0
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life . 	1
katzenberg 	1
funny , sexy 	1
other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- 	0
, but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances 	1
run out screaming 	0
is richer than anticipated 	1
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama 	1
a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events . 	1
boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse 	1
intrigue and human-scale characters 	1
a crisp psychological drama ( and ) 	1
attracting 	1
entertaining , if somewhat standardized , 	1
blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is 	1
where this was lazy but enjoyable 	1
hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses 	0
traditional layers of awakening and ripening and 	1
's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year . 	1
though flawed 	0
the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen 	0
mediocre 	0
feels like a cold old man going through the motions . 	0
ca n't even 	0
the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy 	1
it 's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . 	0
i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british 	0
very well shot 	1
an ideal 	1
manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun 	0
wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work . 	0
another visit 	1
clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . 	0
actually make a pretty good team 	1
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer 	1
a four star performance 	1
not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us 	1
breaks no new ground 	0
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls . 	1
ill-equipped 	0
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking 	1
than indecent proposal 	1
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending 	0
might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy 	0
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess 	0
who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop 	0
may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard 	0
certainly not without merit 	1
leguizamo 's best movie work so far , 	1
too fancy 	0
fulfill its own ambitious goals 	1
his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace 	1
while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio . 	1
an emotional wallop 	1
is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow 	0
speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 	1
a delightful lark for history buffs 	1
obnoxiously 	0
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again . 	1
the extreme generation ' 	1
is not easily dismissed or forgotten . 	1
this painfully unfunny farce 	0
it looks good , sonny 	1
on badly-rendered cgi effects 	0
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing . 	0
his audience an epiphany 	1
its unadorned view 	0
the material is so second-rate 	0
where 's the movie here ? 	0
metaphor 	1
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood 	1
of ' a nightmare 	0
boring before i see this piece of crap again 	0
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and 	0
control-alt-delete simone as quickly 	0
an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 	0
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece 	0
the huskies are beautiful , 	1
suitably anonymous chiller 	1
convinced of its own brilliance 	0
indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant 	0
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man 	1
is too busy 	0
's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned 	0
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , 	1
is anything but languorous 	1
for the character at all stages of her life 	1
been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky 	0
as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby 	0
heart-pounding suspense 	1
wo n't hold up over the long haul 	0
has the usual impossible stunts 	1
the most consistently funny 	1
's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels 	1
sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine 	1
it has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past . 	0
silly-looking morlocks 	0
( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional , 	0
glib 	0
the striking , quietly vulnerable personality 	1
wonderful ensemble cast 	1
often funny way 	1
loves a david and goliath story 	1
is the power of love 	1
a talk that appeals to me 	1
static set ups , 	0
stirring tribute 	1
felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes . 	0
the subject with fondness and respect 	1
reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race 	1
the locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand . 	0
mindless pace 	0
might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds 	0
very depressing 	0
governmental odds 	1
he 's the best brush in the business 	1
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . 	1
is a very funny , heartwarming film 	1
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites . 	1
as best actress 	1
safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter 	1
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix 	1
into a really funny movie 	1
humorous 	1
too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil 	1
it does n't disappoint . 	1
-- however canned -- 	0
offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves 	0
lazily 	0
appeal 	1
gut-wrenching examination 	1
works so well for the first 89 minutes , but 	0
to merit such superficial treatment 	0
is a small gem 	1
peaked 	1
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year . 	1
a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off . 	0
irrational 	0
comedy , caper thrills and 	1
equally distasteful 	0
shared by the nation 	1
are too immature and unappealing to care about 	0
a fairly irresistible package 	1
where its recent predecessor miserably 	0
a great performance 	1
its courageousness , 	1
, time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 	1
all the scenic appeal of a cesspool 	0
george 's haplessness and 	0
her agreeably startling use of close-ups 	1
that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain 	0
is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish 	0
that deserves a chance to shine 	1
's a lyrical endeavor . 	1
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters . 	1
it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels . 	1
decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces 	0
lousy way 	0
love , memory 	1
the working class to life 	1
that , quite simply , should n't have been made 	0
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics 	0
a portrait of alienation so perfect , 	1
ugly , revolting 	0
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) , 	1
the lousy john q 	0
mike white 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor 	1
warm , inviting 	1
zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film 	0
worst way 	0
in its poetic symbolism 	1
a happy , heady jumble 	1
the 3-d vistas from orbit 	1
an endearing cast 	1
glaring 	0
remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing 	1
nudity 	0
made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes . 	1
rolling your eyes 	0
she loves them to pieces 	1
to make a big splash . 	1
offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and 	0
would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest 	0
is still charming here 	1
a real shame 	0
no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge 	0
the world 's best actors 	1
the visual panache , the comic touch , 	1
accused of being a bit undisciplined 	0
the silver screen 	1
a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 	1
complaining 	0
it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . 	0
is repeated at least four times . 	0
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film 	1
also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 . 	1
-- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- 	0
savory and hilarious 	1
appealing leads 	1
has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic 	0
has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself 	1
ranges from bad to bodacious 	0
as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy . 	1
bitter 	0
relatively gore-free 	1
, but i suspect it might deliver again and again . 	1
is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn 	0
inadequately 	0
all-around good time 	1
exceptional detail 	1
its own meager weight 	0
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date . 	1
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price . 	0
jaw-dropping action sequences , 	1
of political corruption 	0
fun-loving 	1
allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 	0
is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . 	1
filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 	1
turns very dark and very funny 	1
junk-calorie suspense tropes 	0
unentertaining 	0
ambiguous ending 	0
... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . 	0
also treats the subject with fondness and respect 	1
's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series 	1
add 	1
curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading 	0
believable 	1
with minimal imagination 	0
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down . 	0
he was reading the minds of the audience . 	1
dramatically satisfying heroine 	1
musicals back 	1
something fishy 	1
acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake 	1
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety 	1
assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . 	1
you will likely prefer to keep on watching . 	1
to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this 	1
quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . 	1
a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films 	1
cruelly 	0
nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving 	0
is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny 	1
feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off . 	0
trusts the story it sets out to tell 	1
the result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel . 	0
that plays things so nice 	1
be post-feminist breezy 	1
as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 	1
such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one 	0
a refreshing and comical spin 	1
loads of irreparable damage 	0
chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 	1
playful respite 	1
as miraculous as its dreamworks makers 	1
, purpose and emotionally bruised characters 	1
direct hit 	1
it 's a quirky , off-beat project . 	1
its execution and skill of its cast 	1
of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults 	1
the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical 	1
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence 	1
but its just not a thrilling movie 	0
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein 	1
forgettable 	0
that is slow to those of us in middle age 	0
relying on the viewer to do most of the work 	0
insufferable 	0
a decent ` intro ' documentary 	1
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree 	1
scoring high 	1
artsy fantasy sequences -- 	1
when are bears bears and 	1
impossible to care about 	0
's too much syrup and not enough fizz 	0
overly long and worshipful bio-doc . 	0
something a little more special behind it 	1
high-profile talent 	1
of shakespeare 's better known tragedies 	1
thought-provoking and often-funny drama 	1
together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 	1
chan 's uniqueness 	1
looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer . 	0
tick-tock 	0
sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot 	0
driven by a natural sense for what works 	1
steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious 	1
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael . 	1
, pasty lumpen 	0
surprisingly ` solid ' achievement 	1
slip into hokum 	0
is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure . 	1
the third revenge of the nerds sequel 	0
narc is all menace and atmosphere . 	0
's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins 	1
inspired portrait 	1
is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals 	0
sensuous and spirited 	1
awfully hard 	0
elegant and 	1
shines on all the characters , 	1
oleander 's uninspired story 	0
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance 	0
roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information . 	1
has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 	1
cultivation 	1
a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except 	0
you 're desperate for the evening to end . 	0
insufferably naive . 	0
come during that final , beautiful scene 	1
class warfare 	0
nice rhythm 	1
evans ' career 	1
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed 	1
presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation . 	1
is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness 	0
's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure 	1
reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds 	1
a stunning new young talent in one 	1
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; 	0
predecessors 	1
is that it stinks 	0
your first instinct 	1
a thoughtful movie , 	1
of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm 	0
being good 	1
have to pay if you want to see it 	1
friendship , love , and the truth 	1
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz 	1
best describes this film : honest 	1
fresh , sometimes funny 	1
aggravating and tedious 	0
it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals 	1
've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time 	0
comic sparks 	1
on the subgenre 	1
fast-paced contemporary society 	1
satisfyingly odd and intriguing 	1
a purposefully reductive movie 	1
that it goes nowhere 	0
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants . 	0
if kaos had n't blown them all up 	0
scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . 	1
emphasized 	1
obnoxious special effects 	0
's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion 	1
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape 	0
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences 	0
a satisfying evening at the multiplex 	1
a low-budget affair 	0
uplifting , 	1
infuriating about full frontal 	0
to duck the very issues it raises 	0
derrida is all but useless 	0
of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 	1
subtle and 	1
deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) 	0
that is where ararat went astray . 	0
has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest 	1
spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects 	0
completely misses its emotions 	0
that make 105 minutes seem twice as long 	0
does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it 	1
of dedicated artists 	1
the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable 	1
their cheap , b movie way 	0
the film is static 	0
render it anything but laughable 	0
live-wire 	1
conventional but heartwarming tale 	1
be so light-hearted 	1
no worse 	0
listless , witless , and devoid of anything 	0
by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull 	0
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but 	0
filling nearly every minute ... 	1
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie 	1
beyond-lame satire 	0
's better than its predecessor 	1
what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination 	1
offers escapism 	1
pretty stupid 	0
it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten 	0
our special talents can be when put in service of of others 	1
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . 	0
since beauty and the beast 	1
nasty aftertaste but 	0
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful 	1
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message 	1
stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design . 	0
bad mixture 	0
cinematic corpse 	0
ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought 	0
amazingly successful 	1
there 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening . 	0
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , 	1
88 minutes of exaggerated action 	0
do not go gentle into that good theatre . ' 	0
and immature character 	0
the most politically audacious films of recent decades 	1
is the only winner 	1
to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach 	0
is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 	1
overcome bad hair design 	0
does n't really go anywhere 	0
the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations 	1
misery 	0
the glorious chicanery and self-delusion 	1
to rush to the theater for this one 	1
manages to string together enough charming moments to work . 	1
most romantic comedies 	1
ultimately insignificant 	0
not-so-divine 	0
be patient with the lovely hush 	1
remarkably assured 	1
trudge out of the theater feeling 	0
300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement 	1
we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking 	1
washed out 	0
by top-billed star bruce willis 	1
does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 	0
the occasional bursts 	1
wise enough 	1
this so-called satire 	0
is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture . 	0
rock 's stand-up magic wanes . 	0
bombastic self-glorification 	0
the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy 	1
its excellent storytelling , 	1
zeal 	1
sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music 	0
too many conflicts 	0
wretchedly unfunny wannabe 	0
advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly 	0
retard 101 	0
a wild comedy 	1
a comic book with soul 	1
done , but slow 	0
must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face 	0
are consistently delightful . 	1
could n't 	0
raffish charm 	1
that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating 	0
pull his head out of his butt 	0
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities 	0
to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 	0
is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . 	0
marvelous first 101 	1
interesting movie 	1
a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 	0
that really does n't have much to say beyond the news 	0
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche . 	0
so memorable 	1
who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb 	0
date-night diversion 	1
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction 	0
meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil . 	1
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor 	1
it 's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese . 	0
loss 	0
invigorating 	1
puerile 	0
, can not overcome blah characters 	0
indie of the year , so far 	1
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd . 	0
gentle and engrossing 	1
than its sunny disposition 	1
gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown 	1
an energizing 	1
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply 	1
confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be 	0
's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge . 	1
heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . 	1
uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them . 	1
is so convincing 	1
meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story 	0
the process created a masterful work of art of their own 	1
love the film 	1
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor 's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 	0
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own . 	0
i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable 	0
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash . 	0
mummy and the mummy returns 	1
too overdone 	0
's the perfect star vehicle for grant 	1
in a light-hearted way the romantic problems 	1
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s 	0
over this `` un-bear-able '' project 	0
dramatic and emotional 	1
screen presence 	1
too shallow for an older one 	0
film legacy 	1
, magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock . 	1
cool gadgets and creatures 	1
finery 	1
takes every potential laugh and 	1
would do better elsewhere . 	0
reassures us 	1
one of the best war movies ever made 	1
horrible , 99-minute 	0
a very depressing movie 	0
the film is well-crafted and 	1
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references 	1
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and 	0
depraved 	0
found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going . 	0
fun in this cinematic sandbox 	1
a major movie 	1
attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life 	0
do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes 	0
that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure 	1
many false scares 	0
stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter 	0
who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 	0
i realized that i just did n't care 	0
amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin 	1
its laid-back way 	1
its lack of poetic frissons 	0
ever spill from a projector 's lens 	0
no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	0
half past dead -- or for seagal 	0
art and commerce 	1
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) 	1
from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed 	0
is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract 	0
the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . 	1
a biting satire that has no teeth 	0
does n't have anything really interesting to say 	0
the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound 	1
every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do 	1
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , 	1
's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire 	1
like the similarly ill-timed antitrust 	0
leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . 	1
superb performance 	1
funny stuff in this movie 	1
to head off in its own direction 	1
the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm 	0
'll still be glued to the screen . 	1
finely crafted , 	1
until things fall apart 	0
dime-store psychology 	0
do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition 	0
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , 	0
marks an encouraging new direction for la salle 	1
to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 	0
adept 	1
covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people 	0
a solidly entertaining and moving family drama 	1
an almost palpable sense of intensity 	1
such a horrible movie 	0
incoherent jumble 	0
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but 	0
get it 	1
a single surprise 	1
biggest husband-and-wife disaster 	0
like a sucker 	0
rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian . 	0
an intoxicating show 	1
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly 	1
a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer 	0
hardly a film that comes along every day . 	1
and wonderful creatures 	1
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness . 	0
to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 	1
a movie with depth 	1
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied . 	1
best rock 	1
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film 	0
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished . 	1
ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times 	1
third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby ! 	1
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead . 	0
in this romantic comedy 	1
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever 	1
is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . 	0
does n't deliver a great story , nor 	0
zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof 	0
a bitter taste 	0
seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character . 	0
of cuban leader fidel castro 	0
has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references 	0
from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected 	0
skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 	1
their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse 	1
originality ai n't on the menu 	0
's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring 	1
it was a guilty pleasure 	1
stylistically 	1
purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride . 	1
forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film 	0
's a very valuable film ... 	1
clever ideas and visual gags 	1
should be themselves 	1
's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it . 	0
some robust and scary entertainment 	1
that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 	0
jazzy new revisionist theories 	1
is more likely to induce sleep than fright . 	0
the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	1
the frustration , 	0
bad and baffling from the get-go . 	0
complex characters 	1
not be a breakthrough in filmmaking 	0
would n't want to live waydowntown 	0
the film is deadly dull 	0
i 'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . 	1
's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise . 	1
stylish cast 	1
sinks further and further into comedy futility . 	0
genuine love story 	1
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor 	1
has worked wonders with the material 	1
than this facetious smirk of a movie 	0
knows its classical music 	1
through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture 	0
fairly impressive debut 	1
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . 	1
is more timely now than ever 	1
but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us 	0
fantasti 	1
dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum . 	0
honest , and enjoyable 	1
intoxicating documentary 	1
dependable concept 	1
a visual treat for all audiences 	1
the cast is spot on 	1
delicate ambiguity 	1
weaves us into a complex web 	1
generating suspense 	1
gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel 	1
any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body 	0
sexist 	0
genteel and unsurprising 	0
their own immaturity 	0
is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . 	1
for its intelligence and intensity 	1
funny , moving yarn 	1
should be as entertaining as it is 	1
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made 	1
worthless , 	0
the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival 	1
viewers out in the cold and 	0
kinetically-charged spy flick worthy 	1
like mere splashing around 	0
the most enchanting film 	1
the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors . 	0
cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity 	0
a great movie it is not 	0
, like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . 	1
plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world 	1
the bravery and dedication 	1
the edge of your seat for long stretches 	1
the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay 	0
dopey dialogue and 	0
does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end 	0
whose meaning and 	1
follows into melodrama and silliness 	0
overcome blah characters 	1
hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ... 	1
fun family fare 	1
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) . 	0
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade . 	1
does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . 	0
playfully profound ... and 	1
it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 	0
a tarantino movie with heart 	1
by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 	1
baked 	1
lasting impression 	1
difficult , endless work 	0
a shock-you-into-laughter intensity 	1
melodramatic movie 	1
has ( its ) moments 	1
that he 's the best brush in the business 	1
, very well told with an appropriate minimum of means . 	1
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , 	1
must have failed 	0
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them 	0
with lots of somber blues and pinks 	0
losin ' 	0
loquacious and dreary piece 	0
, invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . 	1
crawl up your own *** in embarrassment 	0
dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten . 	1
it 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins . 	0
on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid 	0
has many of the things that made the first one charming 	1
to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances 	0
run-of-the-mill singles blender 	0
mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time 	0
like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness . 	1
a clever 	1
awfully entertaining 	1
does not translate well to the screen 	0
perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year 	1
psychotic than romantic 	0
also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 	1
a cellophane-pop remake 	0
it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot . 	1
pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone 	1
leaks treacle from every pore . 	0
boasts some tart tv-insider humor 	1
remarkable film 	1
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway . 	1
capable cast 	1
the run-of-the-mill singles blender 	0
both gripping and compelling 	1
sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers 	1
them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world 	1
on a true and historically significant story 	1
if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic 	1
a well-defined sense 	1
the consciously dumbed-down approach 	0
could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 	1
is a filmmaker of impressive talent 	1
flick that scalds like acid . 	0
's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . 	0
a landmark 	1
to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man 	0
with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction 	1
meaningful 	1
has a rather unique approach to documentary . 	1
the haphazardness of evil 	0
the film has several strong performances . 	1
whose boozy , languid 	0
a meatier deeper beginning 	1
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution 	0
most creative , energetic and original 	1
epic cinema 	1
has n't graduated from junior high school 	0
a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience 	1
a treasure chest of material 	1
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality . 	1
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags 	0
for a satisfying evening at the multiplex 	1
it was going to be 	1
reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 	1
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it 	1
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film 	0
that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers 	0
yelling in your face for two hours 	0
will undoubtedly enjoy it 	1
walk to remember 	1
moderately successful but 	1
becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are 	1
, its shortness disappoints 	0
succeeds in entertaining , 	1
shows off a lot of stamina and vitality 	1
this fast-paced 	1
end up laughing 	1
a smile 	1
an unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode 	0
that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary 	1
almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy 	1
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single . 	0
makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	0
eight legged freaks ? 	0
in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title 	0
that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation 	0
like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . 	1
a walk to remember a niche hit 	1
, accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . 	0
welcome in her most charmless 	0
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely new york celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before . 	1
hollywood comedies such as father of the bride 	1
get no satisfaction 	0
it is wise 	1
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life 	1
this one feels like a life sentence 	0
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day 	1
anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie 	0
good yarn 	1
is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless 	1
is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame 	1
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and 	1
gets the job done 	1
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but 	1
none of the happily-ever 	0
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear 	1
very satisfying 	1
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick 	1
gooding is the energetic frontman 	1
film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days 	1
naturally charming 	1
the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema 	1
into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' 	1
petter næss ' delicate , clever direction 	1
remarkably dull with only caine 	0
the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament . 	1
to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time 	0
feels like a prison stretch 	0
secretary 	1
of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls 	1
visually atrocious , and often downright creepy 	0
come with the warning `` 	0
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians . 	1
a soulless hunk 	0
conventional but heartwarming 	1
unencouraging 	0
big screen magic 	1
not smart and not engaging 	0
of good acting 	1
bitter and truthful 	1
also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl 	1
after seeing the film , i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . 	0
people act weird 	0
rote work and predictable 	0
an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ? 	0
this film that may not always work 	0
as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	1
entertaining on an inferior level 	0
young american 	1
on all levels 	1
one of the better video-game-based flicks , 	1
except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine 	0
african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 	0
we have a bad , bad , bad movie 	0
flails 	0
for the most part , credible 	1
's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen . 	1
broken characters 	0
a winning piece of work 	1
digs into their very minds 	1
good , solid storytelling . 	1
polished 	1
the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . 	0
of a love affair 	1
tasteful to look at 	1
devito 's misanthropic vision 	1
perfect movie 	1
little catch 	1
pauly shore awful 	0
to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 	0
's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt . 	0
tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier 	0
in all its director 's cut glory , 	1
that loses sight of its own story 	0
grace and panache 	1
engaging and exciting 	1
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast 	1
of a frustrating misfire 	0
as subtle and as enigmatic 	1
dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous 	0
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid 	0
goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun 	1
get all five 	1
magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock . 	1
is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 	1
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board . 	1
's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 	1
updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 	0
acidic all-male 	0
inimitable diaz 	1
had some success with documentaries 	1
take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act 	1
if you 've the patience , there are great rewards here . 	1
that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film 	0
frosting 	1
the usual whoopee-cushion effort 	0
entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller 	1
'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up 	1
lazily directed by charles stone iii ... from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis . 	0
mediterranean sparkles 	1
leers , 	0
the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything . 	0
want to pack raw dough in my ears 	0
been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations 	0
to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 	1
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . 	1
well-made pizza 	1
earnestness 	1
mind-numbingly 	0
go-for-broke acting that heralds something special 	1
for a few comic turns 	1
is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened 	0
is sure to win viewers ' hearts 	1
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather 	1
pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama 	0
emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary . 	0
junk-calorie 	0
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , 	1
is engage an audience 	1
think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version 	1
one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom 	1
swept away 	1
with a serious minded patience , respect and affection 	1
the huskies are beautiful 	1
a dark pit 	0
here ... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 	0
minority report 	0
its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner 	1
troubling and powerful 	1
hooting it 's praises 	1
does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length 	0
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... 	1
, clever 	1
a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief 	1
this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 	0
a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists 	1
it 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good . 	1
singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece . 	1
like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers 	0
their own brightly colored dreams 	1
splashy and entertainingly nasty 	1
its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ... 	1
feel-bad ending 	0
chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . ' 	0
not a bad way 	1
member 	1
, paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . 	1
is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film . 	0
in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short 	0
you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . 	0
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge . 	0
something as splendid-looking as this particular film 	1
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip . 	1
unexpectedly sweet 	1
the right time in the history of our country 	1
his chemistry with shimizu is very believable 	1
'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 	0
such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . 	0
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report . 	0
too grave for youngsters 	0
fabuleux 	1
on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness 	1
on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid 	0
could hardly 	0
are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable 	1
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp 	0
stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls . 	1
a creepy , intermittently powerful study 	1
set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 	0
inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable 	1
a great film 	1
meeting , even exceeding expectations 	1
unique and entertaining twist 	1
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining . 	0
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss 	1
making it one of the best war movies ever made 	1
listless , witless 	0
of fun or energy 	1
will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have 	1
... feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something . 	0
for bathroom breaks 	0
pleasurable expressions 	1
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- 	0
have a hard time 	0
sprung from such a great one 	1
nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . 	1
a strong sense of humanism 	1
fun and enjoyable 	1
a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche 	0
has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . 	0
incoherence and 	0
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at 	0
good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe 	1
is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch 	1
sheerly beautiful film 	1
time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 	1
be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script 	0
incredibly thoughtful 	1
who inhabit it 	1
a weary journalist 	0
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and 	1
went over my head 	0
successful example 	1
served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service 	0
a nagging sense 	0
as lumpy as two-day old porridge 	0
of the best actors there is 	1
there are also some startling , surrealistic moments 	1
post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves . 	0
ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot 	0
burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off . 	0
to the point of distraction 	0
that have reinvigorated the romance genre 	1
of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job 	0
the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	1
cringe 	0
funny yet dark 	1
a major waste ... generic . 	0
a bad movie that happened to good actors . 	0
a crowd-pleaser , 	1
the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about 	0
vonnegut 	1
the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun . 	1
asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 	1
of daring films 	1
of an impression 	1
like a copout 	0
are all more than competent 	1
`` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and 	1
the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages 	1
that it is laughingly enjoyable 	1
amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest 	0
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery . 	1
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable . 	0
retelling 	0
am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold ! 	1
( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers 	0
let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . 	1
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , 	1
the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own . 	0
more revealing , more emotional and more surprising 	1
timeout 	0
is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever . 	0
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	1
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on . 	0
dim-witted and lazy 	0
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken . 	0
skillful 	1
did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection 	1
easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity 	1
seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 	0
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . 	1
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles 	0
nearly terminal 	0
mean-spirited and wryly observant . 	0
terminally bland , painfully slow 	0
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing . 	1
various characters express their quirky inner selves 	1
finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona 	1
zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction 	0
stiflingly 	0
the station looking for a return ticket to realism 	0
and game phenomenon 	1
aggravating 	0
the sturdiest example yet 	1
a bunch of talented thesps slumming it 	0
be depressing 	0
so potent 	1
which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director 	0
when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there . 	1
hollow at its emotional core 	0
that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ... 	0
solid job 	1
but they 're simply not funny performers 	0
a half-assed film . 	0
no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain 	0
into a smart new comedy 	1
pay reparations to viewers 	0
beaten 	0
the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth 	1
affectionate delight 	1
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium . 	0
surprisingly charming and 	1
to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	1
visit , this laboratory of laughter 	1
as a landmark in film history 	1
rough edges 	0
the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom 	0
the greatest natural sportsmen 	1
pretty and gifted 	1
a wal-mart budget 	0
annoying score 	0
, straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company . 	0
an impenetrable and insufferable ball 	0
that encompasses many more paths than we started with 	1
much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo . 	1
is marveilleux 	1
acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending 	1
( gayton 's script ) telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience . 	1
that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting 	0
, mayhem and stupidity 	0
freedom 	1
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . 	1
's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 	1
the problem with wendigo 	0
, the movie is rather choppy . 	0
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart 	0
a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera 	1
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake 	0
probe questions of attraction and interdependence 	1
dreary tale 	0
would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster 	0
fascinates 	1
sucks you in and 	1
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust . 	1
feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while 	0
in-your-face family drama and black comedy 	1
resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product 	0
unrewarding all of this 	0
fancy 	1
flat characters 	0
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further 	1
most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings 	1
sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer . 	0
is still a cinematic touchstone . 	1
very sweet 	1
a-list director 	1
fun and funny in the middle , though 	1
but it was n't horrible either 	1
you 'd want to smash its face in 	0
's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary . 	0
shtick 	0
the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment 	0
an enthusiastic audience 	1
not only satisfied 	1
morality tale 	1
gripping performances 	1
a lazy exercise 	0
keep you wide awake and 	1
into your heart 	1
dazzling pop entertainment 	1
the good-time shenanigans 	1
even if you 've never heard of chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen . 	1
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , 	1
resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue 	1
holds a certain charm 	1
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid 	1
the perfect cure 	1
of bible parables and not an actual story 	0
the best sex comedy 	1
a movie that is n't just offensive 	0
incisive and sensitive 	1
is difficult to fathom 	0
, apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice . 	0
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor . 	1
are n't your bailiwick 	0
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavor . 	1
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , 	1
bawdy 	0
been made with an enormous amount of affection 	1
for whom she shows little understanding 	0
funniest and most likeable movie in years 	1
the full monty was a freshman fluke 	0
good 	1
about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal . 	0
apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings . 	1
trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed 	1
dreary , humorless soap opera 	0
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict 	0
so rich with period minutiae 	1
that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release 	1
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence 	0
of adolescent violence 	0
it 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 . 	0
... ( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . 	1
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , 	0
chris columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original . 	1
leaden and dull 	0
a lasting impression 	1
a trend long overdue 	1
is a poem to the enduring strengths of women 	1
entertaining mix 	1
ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film 	1
is a kind of perpetual pain 	0
satisfied 	1
's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour 	0
improves 	1
be entertained by 	1
some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone 	0
simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance 	1
, the film is well worthwhile . 	1
good vampire tale 	1
cheesiest 	0
a deliciously nonsensical comedy 	1
of satisfying entertainment 	1
like leafing through an album of photos 	0
narcissism and 	0
burns 	0
cram too many ingredients into one small pot 	0
is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller 	0
the shadowy lighting 	1
mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 	0
arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation . 	1
evil dead ii 	1
winning 	1
this rich 	1
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but 	1
never seems aware of his own coolness 	1
french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition 	1
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya 	0
as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro 	1
a respectable summer blockbuster 	1
does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 	0
, state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 	0
dollars 	1
wise men 	1
a masterpeice 	1
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here 	0
unforgettable characters 	1
an assurance worthy of international acclaim 	1
blood 	0
a great deal of thought 	1
you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 	0
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization 	1
nasty journey 	0
it should be interesting 	1
to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale 	1
, he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 	1
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . 	0
generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters 	0
thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt 	1
trenchant satirical jabs 	0
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider 's performance is so fine 	1
fall 's 	1
fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller 	1
some modest amusements 	1
illiterate 	0
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and 	0
an average b-movie with no aspirations 	0
( the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 	1
get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company 	0
there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country . 	1
forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action 	1
some special qualities and 	1
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just 	1
, hélène angel is definitely a director to watch . 	1
are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 	0
meaningless , vapid and devoid 	0
an ` action film ' 	1
finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 	1
appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one 	1
a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith 's next movie . 	1
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next 	0
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise . 	0
in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective 	1
some very good acting 	1
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy 	1
there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending . 	0
filmed directly from a television monitor 	0
pros 	1
be careful what you wish for 	0
's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows . 	0
openness , 	1
a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad 	0
his clamorous approach 	0
ambitious , eager 	1
was funny 	1
tailor-made 	1
more experimental in its storytelling 	1
into a believable mother/daughter pair 	1
crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script 	1
quirky , off-beat project 	1
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy 	0
really quite funny 	1
uneasy bonds 	0
if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 	0
real filmmaker 's 	1
's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . 	0
in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers 	0
fire 	0
that could have been much better 	0
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite 	0
subtly different 	1
exploitative and largely devoid 	0
thumbs down 	0
christmas perennial 	1
funnier film 	1
some laughs in this movie 	1
that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body 	1
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 	0
makes 	1
kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and 	1
but a little too smugly superior 	0
, it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points . 	0
to the most crucial lip-reading sequence 	0
make you laugh 	1
you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . 	0
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins . 	0
philosophers , not 	0
it 's very much like life itself . 	1
are sweet and believable 	1
stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 	1
as the old-hat province of male intrigue 	0
excruciating 	0
a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle 	0
its easily dismissive 	0
a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack 	1
those terrific documentaries 	1
, evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat . 	1
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility . 	1
ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering 	0
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls . 	1
too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things 	0
in pain 	0
beautifully acted 	1
holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families 	1
( d ) espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ... 	1
improbable as this premise may seem 	0
from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 	1
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all 	0
the highest power of all is the power of love 	1
canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous 	1
terrific setpieces 	1
botches 	0
amateurish , quasi-improvised 	0
i love it ... hell , i dunno . 	1
of a genre gem 	1
very well-meaning 	1
stuffs his debut 	0
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar 	0
a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention 	0
is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . 	0
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , 	1
a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets 	0
another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 	0
he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . 	0
anything but laughable 	0
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story . 	1
's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 	1
vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics 	0
in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . ' 	0
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . 	1
by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 	1
a couple of great actors hamming it up 	1
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller 	1
distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine . 	0
provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen . 	1
many of these guys are less than adorable 	0
a mean-spirited film 	0
a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers . 	1
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent . 	1
real poignancy 	1
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; 	0
pass this stinker 	0
that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale 	1
of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 	0
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus 	1
a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos 	1
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences . 	1
archly funny 	1
but still entertaining 	1
entertaining to watch the target practice 	1
it just does n't have anything really interesting to say . 	0
would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows 	0
his work with actors is particularly impressive . 	1
it 's plotless , shapeless -- 	0
poetic force 	1
while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix . 	1
as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material 	0
originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller . 	1
the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality . 	1
the film ultimately fails 	0
( tsai 's ) masterpiece 	1
unleashes 	1
endless trailer 	0
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents . 	0
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system 	1
does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture 	0
no , i hate it . 	0
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way 	1
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be . 	0
kind , unapologetic 	1
`` suck '' 	0
does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 	0
impressive style 	1
an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling 	1
one big blustery movie 	0
a bad improvisation exercise 	0
the dimming of a certain ambition 	0
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic 	0
this visual trickery 	0
for the best of hollywood 's comic-book 	1
will be something to behold 	1
is a visual treat for all audiences 	1
succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing . 	1
painless 	1
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained 	0
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one 	1
sometimes quite funny 	1
any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect 	1
of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties 	1
a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound 	0
surprising emotional depth 	1
the tiresome rant 	0
a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground 	0
an aimless hodgepodge 	0
convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment 	1
a handsome and well-made entertainment 	1
are reflected in almost every scene 	1
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock 	0
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma . 	0
's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix 	1
tenderly observant of his characters 	1
as a dystopian movie 	0
digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations 	1
guts and 	0
do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage 	0
acquires an undeniable entertainment value 	1
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun . 	1
freaks 	0
too insistent 	0
laughably unconvincing 	0
expertly 	1
is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . 	0
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun 	1
a dungpile 	0
spiritually 	1
can go home again 	1
the message is too blatant 	0
a sweet and modest 	1
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed 	0
energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 	1
the horrible pains 	0
it 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb . 	1
is awful 	0
its solemn pretension 	0
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one 	1
as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible 	0
altered 	1
it is handled with intelligence and care 	1
being bored 	0
its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 	1
kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull 	0
the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots . 	0
realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire 	0
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and 	0
a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor 	1
a straight face 	1
is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage 	0
bad cinema 	0
yields surprises . 	1
this dream hispanic role 	1
make it an above-average thriller . 	1
unlikable , spiteful idiots 	0
headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film 	1
easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing 	0
pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet 	0
the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd 	1
that place , that time 	1
more simply intrusive to the story 	0
outdated 	0
it 's not entirely memorable 	0
work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds 	1
the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham 's novel ) 	1
anthropomorphic 	1
like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 	0
frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director 	1
seriously bad film 	0
in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole 	0
impressive roster 	1
innovators 	1
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress . 	1
a more annoying , though less angry 	0
are sometimes inexpressive 	0
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups 	0
enthusiastic audience 	1
a series of relentlessly nasty situations 	0
it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience 	1
another genre exercise , 	0
it 's the worst movie of 2002 	0
witlessness 	0
great fun , 	1
from `` promising 	1
wildly careening tone 	0
who learns that believing in something does matter 	1
larded with exposition 	0
in that something 's horribly wrong 	0
as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 	0
dry humor and jarring shocks , plus 	1
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer . 	0
as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room 	0
youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness 	1
all its agonizing , catch-22 glory 	1
engrossing 	1
this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat 	1
the artwork is spectacular 	1
this a charmer 	1
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so 	1
's not very interesting 	0
revolutionary 	1
most oddly honest 	1
even the most jaded cinema audiences 	1
given fair warning 	0
greatest films 	1
poetic force and buoyant feeling 	1
birthday girl 's calculated events 	0
into an ocean of trouble 	0
moving and important film 	1
had to endure last summer 	0
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , 	0
a clear sense of purpose 	1
many moviegoers 	1
remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films 	1
is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty 	1
to die for 	1
a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right 	1
worth your seven bucks 	1
feel good about 	1
in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny 	0
chilling style 	1
proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies . 	0
robotically 	0
displays in freshening the play 	1
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral 	0
's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins 	0
could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking 	1
little action 	0
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament . 	0
into sub-tarantino cuteness 	1
visually atrocious , 	0
, irrational , long-suffering but cruel 	0
quickie tv special 	0
clever script 	1
sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution 	0
are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	0
the collaborative process 	1
the unexplainable pain 	0
romantic-comedy duds 	0
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer 	1
its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises 	0
intermittently good 	1
perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going . 	0
an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia 	1
highly studied 	1
stuttering editing and pompous references 	0
sad , soggy potboiler 	0
of the worst movies of the year 	0
sadly 	0
the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story 	0
the day-old shelf 	0
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and 	1
surrounding us 	1
reflective and 	1
for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex 	0
much self-centered 	0
which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway 	0
it 's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 	1
could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time 	0
much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , 	1
denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 	0
leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature 	1
the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 	1
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory . 	0
but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 	1
hold society in place 	1
like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 	0
after seeing ` analyze that , ' i feel better already . 	1
one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 	1
traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications 	0
more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama 	1
flagrantly 	0
keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 	1
're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger 	1
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever 	1
colorful world 	1
impressive achievement 	1
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) served jews who escaped the holocaust . 	1
the worst of their shallow styles 	0
has a kind of hard , cold effect 	0
loveable or otherwise 	1
is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film 	0
around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's 	1
a high water mark 	1
clever enough 	1
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot 	1
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances 	1
a good movie 	1
is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . 	1
while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary . 	1
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care 	1
also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues 	1
chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead 	0
makes the heart soar 	1
played this story straight 	1
the worst titles 	0
deserves a better vehicle 	0
an eviction notice 	0
more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance 	1
is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 	0
to transcend its clever concept 	1
pretty listless collection 	0
with a visually masterful work of quiet power 	1
completely wreaked 	0
even touch us 	1
compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . 	1
the wal-mart checkout line 	0
'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking 	0
doubt it 	0
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) . 	0
viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . '' 	0
of impressive talent 	1
done before but never so vividly 	1
his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it 	1
ethan hawke 's strained chelsea walls 	0
cherish 	1
are undeniably touched . 	1
getting into too many pointless situations 	0
streamed across its borders 	1
allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range 	1
is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause 	1
vainly , i think 	0
needlessly opaque intro 	0
is consistently 	1
there 's something vital about the movie . 	1
few sleepless hours 	0
, albeit a visually compelling one , 	1
lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode 	0
is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home . 	0
, you know the picture is in trouble . 	0
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . 	1
it 's a lyrical endeavor . 	1
, this is the most visually unappealing . 	0
huston 's revelatory performance 	1
further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded . 	0
miraculous 	1
do well to check this one out 	1
both shallow and dim-witted 	0
heaven is one such beast 	1
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary 	1
sullivan and his son 	1
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement 	0
's worth the concentration 	1
choppiness 	0
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . . 	0
environmental pollution ever made 	0
in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 	1
as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 	0
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it . 	0
it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 	1
, norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , 	0
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel . 	1
into the nature of faith 	1
offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people 	1
to document all this emotional misery 	0
gritty 	1
lush , all-enveloping movie experience 	1
funnier 	1
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- 	1
of updating white 's dry wit to a new age 	1
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and 	1
just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination 	0
to savor binoche 's skill 	1
definitely 	1
beaches 	1
enchantment 	1
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool . 	0
deaths 	0
wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing 	0
the predictable parent 	0
was as graceful 	1
be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set 	0
the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music 	0
assured , glossy 	1
hitting the audience over the head with a moral 	0
against the maker 's minimalist intent 	0
the movie as a whole 	1
to perform 	1
opportunity to make absurdist observations 	1
was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time 	0
nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business 	1
, yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . 	0
patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 	1
too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets . 	0
call the film ` refreshing 	1
disappointingly thin slice 	0
that it 's offensive , but 	0
in future years as an eloquent memorial 	1
bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics . 	1
never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 	1
that 's as entertaining as it is instructive 	1
no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair 	0
this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt . 	1
to good actors 	1
is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults 	0
with imagination 	1
all-powerful 	1
embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes 	0
that it actually makes the heart soar 	1
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here . 	0
extraordinarily rich landscape 	1
superior crime movie 	1
turn on many people to opera , 	1
just as endearing and easy to watch 	1
what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 	0
there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone . 	1
juice and delight 	1
the best inside-show-biz 	1
should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler 	0
the basic flaws in his vision 	0
the better film 's 	1
the cruelty and suffering 	0
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 1/2 weeks 	1
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor . 	0
's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas 	1
just the labor involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing . 	1
have been an eerie thriller 	1
most substantial feature for some time 	1
walked away 	0
is plainly dull and visually ugly 	0
touching , sophisticated film 	1
it 's soulful and unslick 	1
the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 	1
'' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . 	1
it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be 	1
is nearly impossible to look at or understand 	0
some of it is honestly affecting 	1
to the movie 's rude and crude humor 	0
an entertaining and informative documentary 	1
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and 	0
is a plodding mess 	0
constant smiles 	1
compelling , provocative and prescient viewing 	1
you value your time and money 	1
arrest development in a dead-end existence 	0
, it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 	1
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it . 	0
incredibly 	1
so sloppy , so uneven , so 	0
the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work 	0
fantasy pablum 	0
family dynamics 	1
you 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama . 	1
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . 	1
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- 	1
he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 	0
idiotic 	0
for finding meaning in relationships or work 	1
is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . 	1
an `` ambitious failure 	0
enjoyable in its own right 	1
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family 	1
of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis 	0
to entertain all ages 	1
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen 	0
the negative and the script 	0
it 's offensive 	0
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice 	0
goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy . 	1
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film . 	1
's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor 	0
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders 	0
there 's no conversion effort , 	0
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , 	0
the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise 	0
offers winning performances and some effecting moments . 	1
with flabby rolls 	0
has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't . 	1
oscar-nominated 	1
however canned -- 	0
sheer ugliness 	0
water torture seem appealing 	0
in the tradition 	1
to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 	0
this interminable , shapeless documentary 	0
however entertainingly presented 	1
the cast is impressive 	1
to wait for the video 	0
predominantly amateur 	0
looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 	0
gussied up 	1
mishmash 	0
seamless and sumptuous stream 	1
able to pull it back on course 	1
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time . 	0
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original 	1
an aimlessness 	0
to be as naturally charming as it needs to be 	1
the self-image 	1
true-to-life characters 	1
be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters 	1
to believe that something so short could be so flabby 	0
at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm 	0
made you love it 	1
classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? 	0
to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	0
the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that 's all that matters . 	1
wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one 	0
in a movie this bad 	0
trite , predictable rehash 	0
the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots 	0
that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen 	0
alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 	0
's insecure in lovely and amazing , 	1
that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls 	1
a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest 	1
decent performances 	1
its invitingly upbeat overture 	1
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , 	1
is negated 	0
you 'll want things to work out 	1
would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' 	0
spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future . 	1
use of his particular talents 	1
is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid 	0
reliable textbook 	1
determination to inject farcical raunch 	0
they 're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood . 	1
of heart 	1
playing the obvious game 	0
that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony 	0
a deft 	1
than the first 30 or 40 minutes 	1
on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play . 	1
bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . 	0
shaking your head 	0
encouraging 	1
is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate 	1
eye-popping visuals 	1
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience . 	0
a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt 	0
hate yourself 	0
provides a strong itch to explore more 	1
a beautiful paean to a time long past 	1
be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black 	1
self-amused trash 	0
a fair amount of b-movie excitement 	1
super - violent , super-serious 	1
large-scale 	1
consuming self-absorption 	0
has its merits 	1
has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . ' 	0
a sobering meditation 	1
make a clear point -- 	1
a new benchmark for lameness 	0
the film is visually dazzling , 	1
a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light . 	1
just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career 	1
's most substantial feature for some time 	1
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story 	1
meandering and confusing 	0
become the master of innuendo 	1
frida gets the job done . 	1
know the band or the album 's songs by heart 	1
surprises 	1
has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title . 	1
rather unexceptional 	0
fairly ludicrous plot 	0
adventures 	1
sleek and arty . 	1
eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story 	1
easy , seductive pacing 	1
must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride . 	1
makes up for with its heart . 	1
imaginative filmmaker 	1
a substantive movie 	1
it 's mostly a pleasure to watch . 	1
with all of this 	1
, the score is too insistent 	0
to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese 	1
that actually has a brain 	1
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing 	0
editorial process 	1
closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel 	0
a side dish of asparagus 	0
they wo n't enjoy the movie at all . 	0
winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say 	0
gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time 	0
were a person 	1
poetry in motion captured on film . 	1
flat as a spoof 	0
are pretty valuable 	1
a smart , nuanced look 	1
the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture . 	0
like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going 	0
three-hour endurance test 	0
right direction 	1
most poorly staged and lit 	0
sillier 	1
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female 	0
carmichael 	1
sappy 	0
truths 	1
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances . 	1
has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it 	0
meyjes 's movie , like max rothman 's future , does not work . 	0
is masterly 	1
stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 . 	1
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey 	1
abrupt 	0
this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal . 	1
an overwhelming pleasure 	1
silly stuff 	0
is much more p.c. than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) 	1
pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage 	0
does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy 	0
constant smiles and frequent laughter 	1
his sly , intricate magic 	1
predictable , manipulative stinker 	0
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but 	1
like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale 	0
enlivens this film 	1
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film 	1
extremely unpleasant 	0
for each other 	1
morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about 	0
nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy . 	0
unfortunate title 	0
is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 	0
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script 	1
to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud . 	0
the problem with the bread , my sweet 	0
lost dreams 	0
sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile 	1
builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love 	1
that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable 	0
looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 	1
forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 	0
have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense 	1
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic 	1
works because reno 	1
cheer flick 	1
a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise . 	0
thick clouds of denial 	0
of fun , with an undeniable energy 	1
it may scream low budget , 	0
vivacious 	1
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty . 	1
obvious and lengthy 	0
delights for adults 	1
combined with so much first-rate talent 	1
it also rocks . 	1
which awards animals the respect they 	1
into bizarre , implausible behavior 	0
its impressive images 	1
has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . 	1
it 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground . 	0
gentle longing 	1
very compelling 	1
an already thin story 	0
uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels . 	0
turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count 	1
90-minute dud 	0
ensures the film never feels draggy . 	1
's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller 	1
that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm . 	0
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades 	1
scruffy , dopey old 	0
genuine and sweet 	1
of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name 	0
i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies 	0
vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much . 	0
's surprisingly decent , particularly 	1
he 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness . 	1
as though they are having so much fun 	1
a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears 	0
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise . 	1
overly familiar 	0
can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards . 	1
distinguished 	1
likely to seduce and conquer 	1
the background -- a welcome step 	1
` christian bale 's quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . ' 	0
marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity 	1
gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 	1
before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 	0
life 's ultimate losers 	0
, what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ? 	0
is a slapdash mess 	0
speeds up 	1
insanely violent and very graphic 	0
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , 	1
satisfactorily 	1
fried in pork 	1
the emotional depth 	1
concentrates far too much 	0
eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done 	1
populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 	0
familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it 	0
of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall 	1
prevents them from firing on all cylinders 	0
about their lives , loves and the art 	1
is off his game 	0
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 	0
this is a big , juicy role 	1
a very complex situation 	1
it 's really well directed 	1
a valentine sealed with a kiss 	1
theater feeling 	1
to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances 	0
cliches and pabulum 	0
constant fits of laughter 	1
wobbly 	0
secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way 	0
is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . 	1
in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . 	1
for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time 	1
irresistible 	1
equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . 	0
, it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't . 	1
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough 	0
a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion 	1
dry the undead action flick formula 	0
dull girl 	0
bungle their way through the narrative 	0
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . 	0
actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 	0
joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate 	1
is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist 	1
the nifty premise 	1
the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend 	0
the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable 	0
that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell 	0
is that it counts heart as important as humor . 	1
it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 	0
a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs 	1
scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an 	0
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it 	1
smooth and professional 	1
naomi watts is terrific as rachel 	1
a-list brit actors 	1
grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun 	1
playful and haunting 	1
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days 	1
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars . 	1
tossed in 	1
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling . 	1
for some robust and scary entertainment 	1
such a pleasure 	1
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but 	0
a troubadour 	1
of that already-shallow 	0
its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue 	1
even lazier 	0
on a string of exotic locales 	1
a fresh way 	1
the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 	1
` ick ' 	0
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring . 	0
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour 	0
it is derivative 	0
the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware 	1
of high art 	1
despite all the backstage drama 	1
are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . 	0
squarely fills the screen . 	1
all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen 	0
top-billed star bruce willis 	1
a good yarn -- 	1
too late 	0
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion 	0
a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts . 	0
lost the ability to think 	0
, you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . 	0
a sensitive , moving , 	1
if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie 	0
to flat characters 	0
cinematic poem 	1
boiling point 	0
the rich performances by friel 	1
a meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` b + . '' 	1
maddeningly insistent and repetitive 	0
dream 	1
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , 	0
everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art 	1
degrading and 	0
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag . 	0
compelling story to tell 	1
the film 's intimate camera work and 	1
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached 	1
that it 's more than a worthwhile effort 	1
this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . 	1
is no doubt true 	1
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability 	0
clear-cut 	1
be a breakthrough in filmmaking 	1
succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system 	1
beautiful 	1
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . 	0
each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 	1
how bad it is 	0
the film shatters you in waves . 	1
the movie 's downfall 	0
sometimes murky 	0
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it . 	0
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny . 	0
inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening . 	1
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch . 	0
add much-needed levity 	1
from any movie with a `` 2 '' 	0
another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate 	0
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp 	1
because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , 	1
if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for . 	1
called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but 	0
brilliant in this 	1
its utterly misplaced earnestness 	0
nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length 	0
sluggish , 	0
four-star 	1
'' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 	1
holiday carol 	1
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling 	1
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance . 	0
flat acting 	0
a romantic comedy plotline 	1
the star-making machinery of tinseltown 	1
welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture 	1
jabs 	0
take a complete moron 	0
of the most unpleasant things the studio 	0
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls 	1
the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history 	1
best kind 	1
no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it 	0
broad cross-section 	1
the filmmaker 's characteristic style 	1
are fantastic 	1
most brilliant work 	1
condescending 	0
is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal 	0
the star who helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears . '' 	0
with the american dream 	1
may not be a straightforward bio 	0
especially grateful for freedom 	1
has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline . 	0
van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest . 	0
eerie thriller 	1
using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook 	0
we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat . 	0
joy and pride 	1
you crave chris smith 's next movie 	1
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any oscars . 	0
in the best way 	1
exquisitely 	1
improperly hammy performance 	0
'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy 	1
it does not attempt to filter out the complexity 	1
banged their brains into the ground 	0
the funniest and most accurate depiction 	1
attuned 	1
aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . 	1
, ` swept away ' sinks . 	0
respects the material without sentimentalizing it 	1
incredible storyline 	1
the beauty 	1
for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff 	0
a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower 	1
a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	0
plant smile-button faces 	1
knockout 	1
, the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything . 	0
are so stunning 	1
never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ... 	0
this movie is careless and unfocused . 	0
that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres 	1
crisp and 	1
zany ' 	1
fuddled 	0
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , 	0
thrill you 	1
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film 	1
boring movie 	0
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding 	1
warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer 	0
to do with imagination than market research 	0
of oral storytelling frozen onto film 	1
a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence 	1
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful 	1
dramatic snapshot 	1
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . 	1
an animation landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs . 	1
the catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders . 	0
sentiment and withholds delivery 	0
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes 	0
style and bold colors 	1
more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead 	0
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring 	0
best performance 	1
is a little too in love with its own cuteness 	0
hilarious and 	1
that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging 	0
the comic elements of the premise , 	1
expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup 	0
uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real 	1
could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation . 	0
's an utterly static picture 	0
hate it because it 's lousy 	0
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air . 	1
you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes 	1
leave a lasting impression 	1
miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin 	0
an old-fashioned scary movie , 	1
, inspiring 	1
weak and ineffective ghost story 	0
is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 	1
into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists 	1
modern masculine journey 	1
soars 	1
the courage 	1
manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity 	1
is a very good viewing alternative for young women . 	1
the animation master 	1
for a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them . 	1
gone wrong 	0
the earmarks 	1
quick-buck sequel 	0
inventive director 	1
sly , sophisticated and surprising . 	1
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , 	1
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and 	1
improves upon the original hit movie 	1
such good humor 	1
an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion . 	1
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking . 	1
is a truly , truly bad movie . 	0
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . 	1
an unlimited amount of phony blood 	0
going out and enjoying the big-screen experience 	1
is tepid and tedious . 	0
quirky and taken with its own style 	1
one of the best 	1
under-rehearsed 	0
does everything 	1
bogs down in genre cliches here . 	0
scotland looks wonderful 	1
it really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . ' 	1
more simply intrusive 	0
jaw-dropping action sequences 	1
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice 	0
overrun modern-day comedies 	0
it 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough . 	1
is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph 	1
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along . 	0
of delightful hand shadows 	1
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl 	1
humanizing stuff 	1
, ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 	0
brooding 	0
gabbiest giant-screen movie 	0
horrifyingly 	0
even-toned direction 	1
, brain-deadening hangover 	0
deeply authentic 	1
scant place 	0
falls flat 	0
depressing to see how far herzog has fallen 	0
never cuts corners . 	1
is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings 	1
contrived , 	0
's there to scare while we delight in the images 	1
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates . 	1
exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor 	1
comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . 	1
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy 	1
should catch this imax offering 	1
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers . 	1
is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes . 	0
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy 	1
a beautiful paean to a time 	1
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself 	1
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it . 	1
bravery and dedication 	1
visceral excitement 	1
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm 	1
divine 	1
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- 	0
unique way shainberg 	1
which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 	1
nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film 	0
julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism 	0
but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera 	0
the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream 	0
satisfies , as comfort food often can 	1
, captures a life interestingly lived 	1
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed . 	1
's undeniably hard to follow 	0
hate it . 	0
can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie 	1
originality 	1
ai n't art 	0
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape . 	0
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe 	0
has some freakish powers of visual charm 	1
the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better 	1
hypnotically dull . 	0
juvenile delinquent 	0
who is chasing who or 	0
infectiously enthusiastic 	1
rare 	1
sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness 	1
seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times 	0
is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic 	1
the visceral excitement 	1
suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable 	1
the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard . 	1
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet 	0
a recommendation 	1
shining 	1
directed and convincingly acted 	1
an honesty and dignity 	1
enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , 	1
ca n't wait to see end . 	1
serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context 	1
worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film . 	1
a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before 	1
's plenty to enjoy -- 	1
it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect 	1
to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	1
final verdict 	1
allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being . 	1
is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film 	1
beguiling 	1
, '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . '' 	0
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy . 	0
there is no denying the power of polanski 's film ... 	1
video before month 's end 	0
, its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . 	0
that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd 	1
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans . 	1
these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . 	1
just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 	0
of animated filmmaking since old walt 	1
to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms 	0
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking 	0
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype 	0
's hard to like a film so cold and dead 	0
damon/bourne or his predicament 	1
'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 	0
pacino is the best he 's been in years and 	1
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history . 	1
gives these women 	1
will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it . 	0
tosses around sex toys and offers 	0
fantastic 	1
this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian . 	1
moments out of an alice 	1
looks genuinely pretty . 	1
is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian . 	0
a great cast and a great idea 	1
unexplainable pain 	0
make great marching bands 	1
fine actors 	1
, glaring and unforgettable . 	1
deserves to be seen everywhere . 	1
thoughtful minor classic 	1
is milked 	0
its own ludicrous terms 	0
poetic symbolism 	1
a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	0
has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star 	0
frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment 	1
cancer 	0
a wonderful life marathons and bored 	0
cliche-ridden film 	0
a solid , unassuming drama . 	1
that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character 	0
, it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him 	1
has a terrific look 	1
thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest 	1
there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . 	1
noble 	1
they are in this tepid genre offering 	0
fails to provoke them . 	0
left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . 	1
better at fingering problems than finding solutions 	0
better than the phantom menace 	1
is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations . 	1
demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded . 	0
be underestimated 	0
the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity 	0
a flourish 	1
's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 	0
quick-cut edits 	0
family film sequel 	1
an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary 	1
in middle-of-the-road blandness 	0
than a half-hearted fluke 	0
has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history . 	1
proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . 	1
fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting 	1
of exploiting molestation for laughs 	0
` possession , ' based on the book by a.s. byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit 	1
steven soderbergh does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it . 	0
like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six . 	0
that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material 	0
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general 	1
sprung to life 	1
history in perspective 	1
could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy 	0
rather listless amble 	0
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier . 	0
is n't very effective 	0
he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing 	1
it must be the end of the world : 	0
schlocky creature 	0
feels like a copout 	0
a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy 	0
finesse 	1
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject 	0
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base 	0
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and 	0
highly-praised 	1
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes . 	0
are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise 	1
oppressively heavy 	0
carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect . 	1
achieves its main strategic objective : 	1
another best of the year selection 	1
sad nonsense , this 	0
uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . 	1
to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 	0
an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 	0
something a little more special behind it : 	1
the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt 	0
inventive , consistently intelligent and 	1
sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins 	0
as the protagonists struggled 	0
melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements 	1
of hype 	0
an odd show , pregnant with moods , 	0
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor . 	0
refreshingly forthright 	1
perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . 	1
from the dull 	0
in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile 	1
are for children and dog lovers 	1
that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand 	0
excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries . 	1
a heartfelt romance for teenagers 	1
i did n't find much fascination in the swinging . 	0
elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic 	1
watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . 	1
with most of the big summer movies 	1
gift 	1
endure almost unimaginable horror 	0
to abandon the theater 	0
the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme 	0
progressed as nicely as ` wayne 	1
this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . 	1
beats new life into it 	1
splendid singing 	1
a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 	0
do n't really care for the candidate 	0
are not at all entertaining 	0
deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 	1
stale plot and pornographic way 	0
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows . 	0
potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 	0
only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at 	1
in which the talent is undeniable 	1
what gives human nature its unique feel 	1
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and 	0
's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal . 	1
together ( time out and human resources ) establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace . 	1
well established 	1
, they finally feel absolutely earned 	1
the most pitiful directing 	0
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer juan josé campanella 's reputation in the united states . 	1
, stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore . 	0
giant william randolph hearst 	1
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message 	1
based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , 	0
an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book 	0
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame 	0
of story and his juvenile camera movements 	0
a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 	0
bolstered by exceptional performances 	1
dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool 	0
if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will . 	0
at least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . 	1
dark , intelligent warning cry 	1
is far from disappointing , offering an original 	1
lies ... 	0
could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 	0
she may not be real , but the laughs are 	1
have thought possible 	1
fluid 	1
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile . 	1
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey 	1
released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 	0
it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers 	0
the spirit 	1
, irredeemably awful . 	0
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades 	1
-- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama 	0
nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor . 	1
snoozer . 	0
a heavy stench 	0
is so slight 	0
unnecessary films 	0
at its visual delights 	1
leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face 	1
a fascinating curiosity piece 	1
amiable and committed 	1
hop beat 	1
the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery 	1
abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here 	0
detailing 	1
about bad cinema 	0
boredom to the point 	0
perfect wildean actor 	1
with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect 	1
do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold . 	1
that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s 	1
an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need 	1
should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days 	0
really cool 	1
it was particularly funny 	1
for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 	1
superhero 	1
clichés and borrowed images 	0
possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance 	1
is a must ! 	1
accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 	0
assured , vital 	1
tediously exasperating 	0
of life and small delights 	1
( and better ) 	1
has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition 	0
general family chaos to which anyone can relate 	1
technically sumptuous but 	1
an effectively chilling guilty pleasure 	1
saved from 	1
a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) 	0
as banal as the telling may be -- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention . 	1
only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	0
aground after being snared in its own tangled plot 	0
, the old mib label stands for milder is n't better . 	0
stale and uninspired . 	0
including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny 	0
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal . 	0
makes it look like a masterpiece 	1
content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 	0
of a good time 	1
a spiffy animated feature 	1
the best sports movie 	1
the troubling thing about clockstoppers 	0
picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like 	0
prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny 	0
quirky and recessive charms 	1
surprise us with plot twists 	1
makes this a high water mark for this genre 	1
badly-rendered 	0
( hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . 	0
's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary 	1
gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear 	1
make this an eminently engrossing film 	1
let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best 	1
work better 	1
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . 	1
with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought 	0
most importantly 	1
should scare any sane person away 	0
life 's wonderment 	1
could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 	0
not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original 	0
remains brightly optimistic , 	1
scooby-doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 	0
mentally `` superior '' 	1
its sleazy moralizing 	0
amusedly , 	1
engaging , 	1
is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others 	1
like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless 	0
yet unforgivingly inconsistent 	0
wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies . 	1
in favor 	1
-- sadly -- 	0
's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect . 	1
affectionately 	1
a great impression 	1
, the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story . 	1
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone 	0
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , 	0
farts , boobs 	0
joyous documentary . 	1
crudely 	0
another wholly unnecessary addition 	0
want to see over and over again 	1
a rather bland affair . 	0
of the nincompoop benigni persona 	0
say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful 	0
might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies 	0
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women 	1
finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack . 	0
with pitifully few real laughs 	0
one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 	0
as faithful portraiture 	1
according to the script , grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other . 	1
one of the best ensemble casts of the year 	1
is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane 	1
makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates 	0
is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor 	0
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must ! 	1
runs 163 minutes 	0
is devoid of wit and humor 	0
that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride 	1
it never lacks in eye-popping visuals 	1
a serious minded patience , respect and affection 	1
uncharismatically 	0
that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh 	1
enjoyable ease 	1
it 's got the brawn , but not the brains . 	0
pretty good little movie . 	1
another classic 	1
rehashes to feed to the younger generations 	0
lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail . 	0
one of this year 's very best pictures 	1
more confused , less interesting and more sloppily 	0
defend himself 	1
gets sillier , not scarier 	0
can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold 	1
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story 	1
its delivery is a complete mess 	0
snide and 	0
ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) 	1
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp 	1
long workout 	1
boom mikes 	1
so flabby 	0
half the excitement of balto , 	0
will assuredly 	1
are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones 	0
debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 	1
walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes 	1
emphasizes the computer and the cool 	1
to big box office bucks all but guaranteed 	1
telling 	1
tattered and ugly past 	0
a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 	1
the worst film of the year 	0
brightly colored dreams 	1
beautifully shaped 	1
the holocaust escape story 	1
humble 	1
something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers 	1
but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic . 	1
in which most of the characters forget their lines 	0
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ... 	1
as original and insightful 	1
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images 	1
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect 	1
involving in its bold presentation 	1
look like a masterpiece 	1
an enthusiastic charm 	1
but then again , i hate myself most mornings . 	0
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music 	1
astonishingly condescending attitude 	0
, it does n't even seem like she tried . 	0
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom . 	0
demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were . 	0
it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . 	0
, do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ? 	0
encompasses many more paths 	1
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it . 	0
stylized humor throughout 	1
're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 	0
is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay . 	0
to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds 	1
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple 	1
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations 	0
i know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again 	1
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . 	0
you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . 	1
inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	1
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights 	1
are lacking 	0
, the power of this movie is undeniable . 	1
exceptional 	1
its position 	1
like shrek , spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . 	1
created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy . 	1
frothing 	0
brilliant performances 	1
the movie 's messages are quite admirable 	1
perfect family film 	1
makes the formula fresh again 	1
to forget that they are actually movie folk 	1
gaping enough to pilot 	1
are very expressive 	1
beating the austin powers films at their own game 	1
pokes , provokes 	1
the procession 	1
is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film . 	0
the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage 	0
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 	1
, they 'll probably run out screaming . 	0
sharply comic 	1
( tries ) 	1
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , 	1
a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had 	0
like it 	1
advantage 	1
could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay 	0
can depress you about life itself . 	0
hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry 	1
to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience 	1
halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 	0
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; 	1
guns , violence 	0
the silliness 	1
a solid formula 	1
entirely wholesome ) 	1
most of the movie 's success 	1
is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines 	0
confident filmmaking 	1
respects 	1
trickery 	0
managed to convey a tiny sense of hope 	1
is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . 	1
alexandre dumas classic 	1
is more likely to induce sleep than fright 	0
a tragic love story 	1
any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice 	0
focus , point and purpose 	1
capable 	1
mortal awareness 	1
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , 	1
a pathetic , endearing hero 	1
if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself 	0
it is an uneven film for the most part 	0
contrived pastiche of caper clichés . 	0
cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated 	0
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and 	0
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza . 	1
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther 	1
the really bad blair witch project 	0
make such a worthless film 	0
collapses 	0
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit 	0
will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . 	0
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing . 	0
twinkling 	1
endorses 	1
mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	0
you exit the theater 	0
self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence 	1
creep the living hell out of you 	1
like the guys 	1
gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear 	1
the ridiculous dialog 	0
is definitely a cut above the rest . 	1
boozy 	0
there is nothing redeeming about this movie . 	0
be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	0
brilliant and macabre 	1
endearing and easy 	1
a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating 	0
slapped together 	0
a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made . 	1
sag in certain places 	0
a thrill 	1
deeply affecting film 	1
no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) 	0
avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest 	0
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . 	0
has a lot of charm . 	1
two ideas 	1
absorbing documentary 	1
the characters are paper thin 	0
is worth your time , especially 	1
destroy 	0
queasy 	0
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task 	1
... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project ! 	0
the action is stilted and 	0
about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl 	1
its strengths 	1
a plodding mess 	0
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- 	1
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books 	0
'll find in this dreary mess 	0
powerful and provocative 	1
is a just a waste . 	0
is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 	0
that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 	0
pleasant in spite of its predictability 	1
she is a lioness , 	1
of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds 	1
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat 	0
aims to confuse 	0
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	1
finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers . 	0
comes off winningly 	1
the best film 	1
takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 	1
` comedy ' scenes 	1
very pleasing at its best moments 	1
awkwardly contrived exercise 	0
two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd 	1
is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . 	1
the more serious-minded concerns 	1
while the story 's undeniably hard to follow 	0
is not quite the career peak 	0
can comfortably hold 	1
it would still be beyond comprehension 	0
nelson 's intentions are good , but 	1
with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else 	0
retrospectively , his most personal work yet . 	1
by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy 	1
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people 	1
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , 	1
talk down to them 	0
popular 	1
sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche 	0
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip 	0
cliché-riddled 	0
is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence . 	1
kill the effect 	0
feel realistic . 	1
authentically impulsive humor 	1
's one of the worst of the entire franchise 	0
a weird little movie 	0
've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . 	1
often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy 	1
emotionally vapid 	0
better 	1
the world 's political situation 	0
forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ? 	0
who seem barely in the same movie 	0
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm . 	1
was only 	0
a dull girl , that 's all 	0
it squanders chan 's uniqueness 	0
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ? 	0
hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work 	0
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia 	1
rising above similar fare 	1
detailed 	1
fat , dumb 	0
hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse . 	1
a tasty masala . 	1
their idol 's energy and passion 	1
're engulfed by it . 	1
the road warrior 	1
intellectual and emotional pedigree 	1
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller 	1
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is . 	0
into corny sentimentality 	0
the cleverest 	1
is small and shriveled 	0
by a warmth that is n't faked 	1
, sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped . 	0
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more . 	0
of high romance , brought off with considerable wit 	1
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists . 	0
's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name 	0
wonderous accomplishment 	1
emotionally strong and politically potent 	1
the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller 	1
jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor 	0
as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth 	1
rare directors 	1
it 's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours . 	1
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear . 	0
serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale 	1
listless 	0
ray liotta 	1
no psychology here , 	0
hardly an objective documentary 	0
vaunted empathy 	1
of unfaithful 	0
pathetic , endearing 	1
it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema 	1
wise-beyond-her-years 	1
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad . 	1
awkward version 	0
unhibited 	1
unbreakable 	1
tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 	0
strike a chord 	1
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience . 	1
fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count 	1
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace 	1
a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue 	0
could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . 	1
it dull , lifeless , and irritating 	0
moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions . 	0
absurdities and inconsistencies 	0
a smear 	0
a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents 	0
's nothing remotely topical or sexy here . 	0
in the travails of creating a screenplay 	0
the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking 	0
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part . 	1
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more . 	1
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death 	1
elvira fans 	1
's nothing to gain from watching they 	0
, the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché . 	0
too dark to be decipherable 	0
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and 	0
with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity 	0
provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision 	1
the ideal casting 	1
too few 	0
unpredictable , hilarious 	1
make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' 	1
the insightful writer/director 	1
wildly inventive 	1
, girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . 	1
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 	1
the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride . 	0
observant , unfussily poetic 	1
sincerity 	1
weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens 	0
show real heart 	1
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot . 	1
roiling 	0
as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy 	0
unstable 	0
this crude 	0
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . 	1
... by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over . 	1
do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 	0
look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy 	0
could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip 	0
is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer 	0
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw 	0
solid sci-fi thriller 	1
otherwise , this could be a passable date film . 	0
the cold light 	0
a subzero version 	0
a great deal of fun 	1
this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times . 	1
blade 2 	1
capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark 	1
neither as scary-funny as tremors 	0
moronic 	0
with a grand whimper 	0
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top 	0
most exciting action films 	1
press the delete key . 	0
ravishing 	1
incapable of controlling his crew 	0
of a paranoid and unlikable man 	0
really horrible drek . 	0
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama . 	1
well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin . 	1
modern master 	1
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing 	0
is the film roman polanski may have been born to make 	1
imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	1
who play their roles with vibrant charm 	1
the french director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing . 	0
remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be 	0
neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . 	0
best movie 	1
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen 	0
would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi 	0
terrible , banal dialogue 	0
bad 	0
good old fashioned spooks 	1
kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit 	1
killing its soul 	0
it 's exploitive without being insightful . 	0
however 	0
's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance 	1
went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood . 	1
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 	1
is an entirely foreign concept 	0
keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable 	1
one of the most curiously depressing 	0
i 'll buy the criterion dvd . 	1
do well to cram earplugs 	0
recent successes 	1
pleasure 	1
its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome 	1
us right into the center of that world 	1
like schindler 's list 	1
the modern day 	1
does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is 	0
oddly sweet comedy 	1
with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 	1
boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually 	1
thoughtful examination 	1
an engaging and intimate first feature 	1
the theme does n't drag an audience down 	1
contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls . 	0
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me . 	0
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 	1
's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 	1
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 	1
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' 	0
's lovely 	1
one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works 	1
stirring 	1
the career peak 	1
, with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly 	1
unfunny one 	0
they sometimes still can be made 	1
remarkable and novel 	1
effective film 	1
most enjoyable releases 	1
one it follows into melodrama and silliness 	0
boiled hollywood argot 	0
brings a beguiling freshness 	1
the small screen 	0
powerful and 	1
soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm . 	1
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity 	1
unsophisticated 	0
a freshly painted rembrandt 	1
is inane and awful 	0
have no affinity for most of the characters 	0
in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape 	1
finest films 	1
a standout performance 	1
nothing overly original 	0
unique , well-crafted psychological study 	1
be another shameless attempt by disney 	0
almost unimaginable horror 	0
funniest 	1
is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 	0
likeable 	1
from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny 	0
sometimes creepy intimacy 	1
but blatantly biased 	0
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' 	1
like jimmy 's routines 	1
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact . 	1
virtuosic set pieces 	1
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie . 	1
tries-so-hard-to-be-cool 	0
wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him . 	1
pretty much self-centered 	0
seems to have recharged him . 	1
is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact 	1
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching 	1
pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience 	0
the pitfalls 	1
that tell the best story 	1
in such odd plot 	0
ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents 	0
see it for the passion 	1
good material 	1
's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals 	1
irritates and saddens 	0
a kind 	1
breathes extraordinary life 	1
entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated 	1
skip the film and pick up the soundtrack 	0
layered richness 	1
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . 	0
behold in its sparkling beauty 	1
can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . 	0
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , 	1
sedate 	0
bogs down in rhetoric and cliché . 	0
a huge sacrifice 	1
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 	1
fred schepisi 's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point . 	1
clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line 	0
sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening 	0
the places , and the people , 	1
with fondness and respect 	1
this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay . 	0
dry of humor , verve and fun 	0
darker 	0
winning piece 	1
spends a bit too much time 	0
undeniable energy 	1
nobody in the viewing audience cares 	0
on par with the first one 	1
wo n't still be tapping 	1
that peace is possible 	1
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting . 	1
if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade 	0
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters . 	1
been exhausted by documentarians 	0
contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways 	0
no , i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . 	0
ultra-violent 	0
so many bad romances out there 	0
that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor 	1
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes 	0
eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , 	0
a middle-aged romance 	1
are presented in convincing way 	1
but every bit as filling as the treat of the title 	1
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope 	1
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino . 	1
, absurd collection 	0
no teeth 	0
enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages 	1
grow into a movie career 	1
is not the director at his most sparkling 	0
the film has ( its ) moments 	1
telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience . 	0
is a wish a studio 's wallet makes 	1
is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot . 	0
rollicking adventure 	1
( tries ) to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the united states . 	0
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 	1
buoyant energy level 	1
younger generations 	1
feel absolutely 	1
homage 	1
showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge 	1
schizo 	0
process of imparting knowledge . 	1
as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) 	0
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in . 	1
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	1
guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster . 	1
astounds 	1
live happily ever 	1
often exquisite 	1
scandal 	0
if ( jaglom 's ) latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing . 	1
are too cute 	1
kids = misery 	0
pointed personalities 	1
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . 	1
funny and , in the end , 	1
often watchable , though goofy and lurid , 	1
expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) 	0
will probably be a talky bore 	0
it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one . 	1
served 	1
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all ) 	1
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy . 	1
give credit to affleck . 	1
discordant 	0
invaluable service 	1
gross-out flicks , 	0
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display 	0
muting 	0
shows moments of promise 	1
sham actor workshops and 	0
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time . 	0
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 	1
interesting technical exercise 	1
too slow 	0
is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 	0
slice of hitchcockian suspense . 	1
than anything seen on jerry springer 	0
contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen 	1
aimlessly 	0
solemn insights 	1
a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera 's attention to detail . 	1
should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake 	0
with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free 	0
watching it was painful 	0
one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here 	0
reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm 	0
paul grabowsky 's excellent music 	1
if disingenuous , 	0
redundancies 	0
a few cheap shocks 	0
the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen . 	0
troubled and determined homicide cop 	1
is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 	1
road trip 	1
without any of its satirical 	0
the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome 	0
matches the page-turning frenzy 	1
be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in 	1
it 's too long 	0
stealing harvard ca n't even do that much . 	0
good for the goose 	1
what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay 	0
a huge disappointment coming , as it does 	0
it already has one strike against it . 	0
an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar 	1
ben affleck 	1
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck . 	1
comedic bliss 	1
to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	0
sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . 	0
is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains 	1
more abhorrent 	0
powerful and universal 	1
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver . 	1
peculiarly moral amorality 	0
bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago 	0
is wondrously creative . 	1
's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction . 	0
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder 	0
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and 	0
( caine ) proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film . 	1
a sane regimen 	1
of the most interesting writer/directors 	1
an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation 	0
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , 	0
my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe . 	1
's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud 	0
is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics . 	0
writer and director burr steers knows the territory 	1
humorous 	1
being a true adaptation of her book 	1
is clever and funny 	1
undeniably gorgeous 	1
the evening to end 	0
, and genius 	1
her life half-asleep 	0
what 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor . 	0
profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment 	1
, it is more likely to induce sleep than fright . 	0
spend 110 claustrophobic minutes 	0
false and fabricated 	0
of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making 	0
is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail . 	0
there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . 	0
compelling plots 	1
food-for-thought cinema 	1
crushingly self-indulgent spectacle 	0
, luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain 	0
tremendous chemistry 	1
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing 	1
brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . 	1
its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity 	0
intimate than spectacular 	1
a portrait of two strong men in conflict 	1
its appeal 	1
in bad stage dialogue 	0
deep , uncompromising curtsy 	0
quality band 	1
the movie 's various victimized audience members 	0
this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer . 	0
tedious 	0
, but because of the startling intimacy 	1
scorcher 	1
recognize it 	1
real-life hollywood fairy-tale 	1
is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . 	1
increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool 	1
enjoyable feel-good family comedy 	1
, evelyn comes from the heart . 	1
dark , intelligent 	1
fluid and mesmerizing sequence 	1
gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general 	0
tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 	0
, you know there 's something there . 	1
the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food 	0
as a cult film 	1
revisionist fancy 	1
is greatness here . 	1
get out your pooper-scoopers . 	0
i say , entertaining 	1
is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . 	0
thanks to remarkable performances 	1
pushing the jokes at the expense of character 	0
old story 	0
that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel 	0
contrived , lame screenplay 	0
is n't as compelling or as believable 	0
is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne 	1
intelligent subtlety 	1
in itself , is extraordinary . 	1
clear-cut hero 	1
exceedingly memorable one for most people 	1
about the thousands of americans who die hideously 	0
you can practically hear george orwell turning over . 	0
a zany mix 	1
after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . 	0
are very , very good reasons 	1
the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes 	1
's actually sort of amazing 	1
we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching . 	1
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest 	0
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . 	0
scarcely worth 	0
whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that 	0
, the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 	0
shakespeare 's better known tragedies 	1
you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ... 	1
an interesting character 	1
brave and 	1
please history fans 	1
few seconds 	1
that something so short could be so flabby 	0
are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug 	1
two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all . 	0
to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny 	0
and just plain dumb 	0
is like nothing we westerners have seen before . 	1
thought out 	1
drowsy drama 	0
glory 	1
savage full-bodied wit 	1
make like the title and dodge this one . 	0
a skillful fisher 	1
clumsy and 	0
his effortless performance 	1
a brutal and funny work . 	1
feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy 	0
enjoyed most of mostly martha 	1
' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . 	0
introduce video as art 	1
good and ambitious 	1
viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	0
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film 	1
considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve 	1
makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured 	1
can get on television for free 	0
the movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh . 	0
soulful , incisive meditation 	1
is n't scary . 	0
seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness 	1
of lazy humor 	1
in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was 	0
just bad 	0
added clout 	1
wholly unconvincing 	0
most appealing 	1
the subtle direction 	1
comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids 	0
such a dependable concept was botched in execution 	0
there 's no rooting interest 	0
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera . 	0
ridiculousness 	0
distracts 	0
with so much passion 	1
a few big laughs 	1
director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining 	1
is still very much worth 	1
a sequel you can refuse 	0
bad soap opera 	0
pacing and lack 	0
my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 	0
worthwhile themes 	1
threw medical equipment at a window 	0
infinitely wittier version 	1
ebullient tunisian film 	1
acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	0
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ? 	0
forcefully told , with superb performances throughout 	1
are laughs aplenty 	1
incapable 	0
that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat . 	1
a fascinating study 	1
festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you . 	0
the treat of the title 	1
a vanity project 	0
horrifyingly , 	0
less funny 	0
intriguing story 	1
chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror 	1
hampered 	0
missing a beat 	0
's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 	0
an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise 	0
ensures the film never feels draggy 	1
mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way 	1
the film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them . 	1
utter cuteness 	1
one of the most splendid 	1
spikes of sly humor 	1
confusing sexual messages 	0
screenplay to die for 	1
one-sided documentary 	0
, it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 	0
that is revelatory 	1
artsy and 	1
'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 	0
refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man 	0
such a lousy way 	0
to be intimate and socially encompassing 	1
jumps around with little logic or continuity , 	0
overflows with wisdom and emotion 	1
realistic characters 	1
induces a kind of abstract guilt , 	0
wear thin on all 	0
leaves a bitter taste . 	0
of strictly a-list players 	1
not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ? 	0
a spirited film and 	1
she 's pretty and she can act -- 	1
tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence 	0
to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	0
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . 	1
life-embracing spirit 	1
grievous but obscure complaint 	0
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen 	0
makes the right choices at every turn 	1
a bored cage 	0
without cheesy fun factor . 	1
while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . 	0
deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals 	1
a bore 	0
a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb 	0
start to drag as soon as the action speeds up 	0
to do with 94 minutes 	1
a cinematic touchstone 	1
just how well 	1
's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's . 	0
embarrassment and others 	0
poignancy , and intelligence 	1
's just merely very bad 	0
feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way . 	0
this loose collection of largely improvised numbers 	0
more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating 	0
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene 	1
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem 	0
reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness 	0
the last 15 minutes 	1
the gentle and humane side 	1
stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 	0
solid formula 	1
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy 	0
often inspiring 	1
about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones 	1
results that are sometimes bracing 	1
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up 	0
a compelling investigation 	1
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet 	0
a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore 	0
felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them . 	0
will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers 	0
tender , 	1
binks 	1
comedy fare 	1
is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material . 	0
rank frustration from those in the 	0
could n't care less 	0
very ugly , 	0
a distinctly minor effort 	0
are acting like puppets 	0
really horrible 	0
martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . 	1
might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block 	0
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 	1
perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood 	1
friday the 13th 	1
the surest bet 	1
a lush , swooning melodrama 	1
glaring and unforgettable 	1
undeniable entertainment value 	1
profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen . 	0
laughed throughout the movie 	1
uglier 	0
scrutinize 	0
crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and 	1
while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 	1
talk to her is so darned assured 	1
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack 	1
thrills and extreme emotions 	1
has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong 	0
clients 	1
a slam-bang extravaganza that 	1
a set of heartfelt performances 	1
deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie 	0
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! ) 	1
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself . 	1
such exuberance and passion 	1
as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting . 	1
a story that 's shapeless and uninflected 	0
's as sweet as greenfingers 	1
the distinct and very welcome sense 	1
's quite fun in places 	1
is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion . 	1
attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . 	0
the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar . 	1
with bogus profundities 	0
as well as a masterfully made one 	1
a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , 	1
tremendous promise 	1
a shallow rumination 	0
career peak 	1
, they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . 	0
original 	1
though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 	1
shamelessly money-grubbing 	0
in trapped 	0
is a convincing one 	1
believable and heart-wrenching 	1
vibrant , colorful world 	1
confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong 	1
funny little film 	1
that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable 	0
the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions 	1
misguided comedy 	0
about a horrifying historical event 	0
seems inconceivable 	0
rare combination 	1
groundbreaking 	1
plot conceits 	0
the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication 	0
solid performances and eerie atmosphere 	1
fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket 	0
die 	0
it 's awfully entertaining to watch . 	1
ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous . 	0
the slow parade 	0
embedded in the sexy demise of james dean 	1
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself 	1
years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	0
the movie completely transfixes the audience . 	1
he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 	0
true and historically significant 	1
fulford-wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen . 	1
easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters 	0
pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice 	0
little else 	0
entertain all ages 	1
fresh good looks and 	1
about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times 	1
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble 	1
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton 	1
if only it were that grand a failure 	0
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives . 	1
of determination and the human spirit 	1
has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency 	1
passably 	1
, it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . 	1
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick . 	0
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva 	1
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . ' 	1
just brilliant in this 	1
the talented 	1
when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type 	0
terribly obvious 	0
created a monster but did n't know how to handle it . 	0
book-on-tape 	0
the original was n't a good movie 	0
the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works 	0
would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris . 	0
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding 	1
will no doubt 	1
the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year 	0
bright future 	1
an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way 	0
it 's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . 	1
delivers a magnetic performance 	1
oscar winners 	1
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film 	0
manage to hit all of its marks 	1
new texture , new relevance , new reality 	1
look no further 	1
nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book . 	1
too much of a plunge 	0
singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn . 	0
makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible 	1
wildly uneven movie 	0
is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory 	0
begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy 	0
talented people 	1
is such a perfect medium for children , 	1
riveting , brisk delight 	1
riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 	1
, it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . 	0
stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 	1
friday after next 	1
's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem 	1
check it out 	1
looking for astute observations and coming up blank 	0
raunchy and 	0
acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses 	1
, organic character work 	1
cinematic poet 	1
the filmmakers ' eye for detail and 	1
were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project 	0
besotted and obvious drama 	0
is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences 	1
scoring high for originality of plot 	1
no signs of life 	0
williams absolutely nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness . 	1
an absurdist spider web . 	0
it 's a movie that gets under your skin . 	0
move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film 	1
relationship and 	1
does n't really know or care about the characters , and 	0
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long . 	0
comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life 	1
fantastic 	1
a deceptively simple premise 	1
determined , ennui-hobbled 	1
brave , uninhibited 	1
, repetitive and ragged 	0
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 ' 	1
it 's pleasant enough 	1
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . ' 	0
the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew 	1
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary . 	1
because he gives the story some soul 	1
downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating . 	0
appealing blend 	1
discursive but oddly riveting documentary . 	1
lulls you into a gentle waking coma 	0
a moratorium 	0
terribly episodic 	0
wal-mart checkout line 	0
relied too much on convention 	0
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire . 	0
dreary movie . 	0
feels like a glossy rehash . 	0
of breathtaking mystery 	1
, personal film 	1
a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides . 	1
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences . 	0
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , 	0
changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza 	1
, witless mess 	0
not scary 	0
unbearable when it is n't merely offensive . 	0
in a big way 	1
remains uniquely itself 	1
made for the big screen , some for the small screen 	0
despair and 	0
is greatness 	1
of unrecoverable life 	0
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare 	0
shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops 	0
does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length . 	0
a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth 	1
profoundly devastating events 	0
cumbersome 	0
's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout 	1
it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman 	0
below 	0
animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 	0
you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 	0
far more often than the warfare itself -- 	1
on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue 	0
emerging in world cinema 	1
grating 	0
, food-for-thought cinema 	1
consistently clever and suspenseful . 	1
put on an intoxicating show . 	1
average formulaic romantic quadrangle 	0
forgets 	0
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste . 	0
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and 	1
low-brow humor 	0
well-written and 	1
it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways 	0
the profoundly devastating events of one year ago 	0
trying to forget 	0
than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline 	0
too big 	0
( jackson and bledel ) seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd . 	0
close to being exciting 	1
sometimes murky , always brooding look 	0
lackluster 	0
holds up well 	1
none of this sounds promising 	0
went over my head or 	0
in its laid-back way 	1
as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . 	0
conspicuous success 	1
more of a poetic than a strict reality , 	1
sophomoric 	0
the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure 	1
smartly played and smartly directed . 	1
makes an amazing breakthrough 	1
it 'll only put you to sleep . 	0
often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . 	0
there are now two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs . 	0
hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own 	0
harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style 	1
we had to endure last summer , 	0
beautiful , evocative 	1
here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . 	0
kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go 	0
of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 	1
this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio . 	0
especially charm 	1
engaging , imaginative filmmaking 	1
gorgeousness 	1
unforgettable 	1
dumb gags , anatomical humor 	0
proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , 	0
scum 	0
a low-key , organic way 	1
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and 	1
, hart 's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . 	1
promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination . 	1
very best movies 	1
a cinematic postcard 	1
, tender and heart-wrenching 	1
extraordinary 	1
a young american , 	1
's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . 	0
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either 	0
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but 	1
marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world 	1
no wit 	0
observant of his characters 	1
vampire fun 	1
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de 	1
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate 	0
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen 	0
there to scare while we delight in the images 	1
were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor 	0
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but 	0
self-hatred instilled 	0
politics 	0
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat . 	0
over-blown drama 	0
raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before . 	1
often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy . 	1
those prone to indignation need not apply 	0
his promise remains undiminished 	1
terrific documentaries 	1
, fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . 	0
the movie is ingenious fun . 	1
's a movie about it 	1
issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . 	1
a surprisingly anemic disappointment 	0
for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 	1
a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way 	0
something creepy and vague 	0
with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans 	0
imax cinema 	1
acting that heralds something special 	1
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 	0
imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern . 	0
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up 	0
do n't avert our eyes for a moment 	1
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces 	0
, you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 	0
, this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . 	0
a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes 	0
yes , it 's as good as you remember . 	1
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and 	1
quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor . 	1
are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns 	1
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces . 	0
enjoyably 	1
, annoying , heavy-handed 	0
this 20th anniversary edition of the film 	1
a cutting hollywood satire 	1
keen eye , sweet spirit and 	1
that have preceded it 	1
as simple self-reflection meditation 	1
as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable 	1
blazingly alive and admirable 	1
, the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art . 	1
evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat 	1
our sympathies 	1
the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most 	0
, this film should not be missed . 	1
is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus . 	0
a sharp , amusing study 	1
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer . 	1
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) 	1
a muted freak-out 	0
wants to break free of her old life 	1
the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth 	1
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue . 	1
, viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure . 	1
with a smile on your face 	1
i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed 	1
like you 've actually spent time living in another community 	1
to the flowering of the south korean cinema 	1
goodness for this signpost 	1
recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to 	1
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative 	0
unique residences 	1
, unholy hokum . 	0
a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film 	1
comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . 	1
that 's neither completely enlightening 	0
most jaded cinema audiences 	0
to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals 	0
catch it ... if you can ! 	1
cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay 	0
certain sexiness 	1
a lively and engaging examination 	1
silly but strangely believable 	1
his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place 	0
lasting traces of charlotte 's web 	1
not smart and 	0
high-profile 	1
to the gallic ` tradition of quality 	1
the little nuances 	0
the result , however well-intentioned , 	0
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- 	1
this schlocky horror/action hybrid 	0
utter authority 	0
a solid , unassuming drama 	1
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable 	0
a charge of genuine excitement 	1
witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful . 	1
in a movie that works against itself 	0
her film 	1
a blown-out vein 	0
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and 	1
is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action 	0
for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure 	1
oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique 	1
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait . 	1
with her actors 	1
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever 	1
's stupid 	0
funny and poignant 	1
a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director 	1
insufferably 	0
warm and 	1
it 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt . 	0
disney scrape 	0
star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy . 	0
well-timed 	1
immensely ambitious , 	1
indulgence 	0
transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama 	1
the beach 	1
the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies 	1
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie . 	0
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide 	1
dumbed-down 	0
is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull . 	0
, well-crafted family film 	1
stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . 	1
a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance . 	1
should see it as soon as possible 	1
add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb 	1
imbued with passion and attitude . 	1
brought down by lousy direction 	0
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - 	0
a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal 	1
that deserves recommendation 	1
fatal ailments 	0
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery . 	0
a joyous communal festival 	1
opera-ish story 	0
's not very interesting . 	0
encourage 	1
with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil 	1
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view 	1
faithful to melville 's plotline 	1
the best performance 	1
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case . 	1
, wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? 	0
surrealist flourishes 	1
to intolerable levels 	0
, broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 	0
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline 	0
talented cast 	1
typical pax 	0
is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 	0
's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment 	0
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful 	0
mesmerize 	1
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm . 	0
a film that are still looking for a common through-line 	0
a gorgeously strange movie 	1
were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn . 	0
's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance . 	1
's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers 	1
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent 	1
off the hook 	1
a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness . 	0
, then you 're at the right film . 	1
gently tedious in its comedy 	0
but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds . 	1
creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic . 	1
is a pretty good job , 	1
judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice . 	0
invitingly upbeat 	1
the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham 's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism 	1
carrying more emotional baggage than batman 	1
a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters . 	1
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever . 	1
a grittily beautiful film that looks 	1
dysfunctional parent-child relationship 	0
flimsy ending 	0
to a satisfying destination 	1
except for the fine star performances 	1
a disquieting and thought-provoking film 	1
however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 	0
authentic to the core of his being 	1
is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful . 	1
seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity 	1
viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor 	0
jolie 's hideous yellow ` do 	0
visually engrossing 	1
the top japanese animations 	1
by lousy direction 	0
hip comedy 	1
but unmemorable 	0
scare while we delight in the images 	1
with its own solemn insights 	1
grows monotonous 	0
is nothing in it to engage children emotionally 	0
film buzz and whir 	1
indie tatters and self-conscious seams 	0
incurably 	0
disney 	1
has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product . 	0
manages to be even worse than its title 	0
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly . 	1
such high-profile talent 	1
oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy 	1
campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast 	1
often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 	0
erotic 	1
the stunt work is top-notch ; 	1
of its critical backlash and more 	0
undemanding armchair tourists 	0
how this gets us in trouble 	0
that grand a failure 	0
the worst sin 	0
is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself 	1
its body humor and reinforcement 	1
complex , politically charged tapestry 	1
from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 	0
realize your mind is being blown . 	1
a few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies . 	0
suffocating and sometimes almost senseless 	0
the excellent performances 	1
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances 	1
will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids 	1
the sentimental script has problems 	0
any age 	1
why i have given it a one-star rating 	0
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash . 	0
that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 	1
ca n't deny its seriousness and quality 	1
pseudo-philosophic 	0
classified as a movie-industry satire 	0
it ` perfection 	1
a sweet 	1
a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure 	1
can practically hear george orwell turning over . 	0
does n't so much phone in his performance as 	0
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , 	1
of black indomitability 	0
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates 	0
into the structure of relationships 	1
smart movie 	1
award-winning 	1
is heartfelt and achingly real . 	1
eerily accurate depiction 	1
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . 	1
look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard 	1
demanding 	0
pokémon 4ever 	1
its moment 	0
to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved 	0
suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis 	0
first-rate cast 	1
gently political 	1
remembrance 	1
enjoy the movie 	1
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand 	0
is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs 	1
that jackie chan is getting older 	0
makes you crave chris smith 's next movie . 	1
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and 	0
fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian . 	0
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity . 	0
husband-and-wife disaster 	0
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters 	1
admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics 	0
seems suited neither to kids or adults 	0
old-world charm 	1
torn apart by a legacy of abuse 	0
so not-at-all-good 	0
rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . 	1
worst -- and only -- killer website movie 	0
passions , obsessions , and 	1
fits into a classic genre , 	1
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation . 	1
, brooding and slow 	0
as well its delightful cast -- 	1
consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and 	1
engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary 	1
the right thing 	1
is another liability 	0
that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care 	0
by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing 	0
a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer 	0
heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible 	1
seem odd bedfellows 	0
purely abstract 	1
thanks to the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises . 	1
a fragmented film 	0
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant 	1
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : 	0
characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 	0
often surprises you with unexpected comedy 	1
proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy 	1
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes . 	0
juicy writer 	1
right film 	1
, it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . 	0
can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice 	0
of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary 	1
heartfelt concern 	1
watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights 	1
of the worst possibilities of mankind 	0
miserable 	0
( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there 's something vital about the movie . 	1
can be fruitful : ` in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself 	1
a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron 	1
a rounded and revealing overview 	1
enjoy the new guy . 	1
is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness 	0
a non-stop cry for attention 	0
thoughtful , unapologetically raw 	1
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team 	1
both heartbreaking 	0
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home 	1
absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist 	1
tickles 	1
potty-mouthed enough 	0
clumsy cliché 	0
through kafka 's meat grinder 	0
invite 	1
that were already tired 10 years ago 	0
regret and , ultimately , finding redemption 	1
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium 	0
the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars 	1
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest . 	1
the minds and hearts of many 	1
sentimental 	1
are simply intoxicating . 	1
is kind of special 	1
the cinematic canon , 	1
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . 	1
seem like such a bore 	0
never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days . 	0
eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful 	0
's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth . 	1
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , ( ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation . 	0
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational 	1
is little else to recommend `` never again . '' 	0
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about . 	0
simple-minded and stereotypical 	0
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... 	0
its unsettling force 	1
half-assed film . 	0
sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning 	0
steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 	0
hard-hitting 	1
it 's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form . 	1
incoherent 	0
as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care 	0
sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things 	1
incredibly layered and stylistic 	1
at a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture . 	0
with really poor comedic writing 	0
wastes its time on mood 	0
is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism 	1
greatest mistake 	0
hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 	0
degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . 	0
carl 	1
the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort 	0
less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession . 	0
is a big letdown . 	0
put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 	1
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me . 	0
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson 	0
( reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair . 	1
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance . 	1
frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness 	0
is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is 	1
refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original 	1
ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . 	1
predictability is the only winner 	0
great crimes 	1
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting 	1
done that ... a thousand times already 	0
no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act 	0
of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 	1
good thing 	1
the feat with aplomb 	1
strange and wonderful creatures 	1
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang 	1
slow 	0
ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients 	1
less entertaining 	0
by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing 	1
the film 's ill-considered notion 	0
mattel 	1
the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant 	1
than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 	1
by its lack of purpose 	0
intimate and 	1
seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else 	0
fat 	0
barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material . 	0
pick your nose instead 	0
'' and `` terrible 	0
the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow 	0
derivative 	1
all , a condition only the old are privy to 	0
more emotional force than any other recent film 	1
is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay 	0
wise-beyond-her-years teen 	1
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil . 	0
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting . 	1
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen . 	0
so original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up . 	1
my own tortured psyche 	0
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich 	1
fun-loving libertine 	1
's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh 	1
break up 	0
a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can 	1
eat popcorn 	1
deserves a place of honor next to nanook 	1
is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb 	1
wafer-thin 	0
turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy 	0
the most original fantasy film 	1
's no conversion effort 	0
uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! 	0
to shout insults at the screen 	0
genuine ones 	1
what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once . 	0
that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 	1
with a bouncy score 	1
one of the year 's best films 	1
a fleeting grasp 	0
appreciate 	1
, there 's something vital about the movie . 	1
it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	1
the euphoria 	1
imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone 	0
be best forgotten 	0
that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot 	0
a listless and desultory affair . 	0
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 	0
entertaining and informative documentary 	1
and insufferable ball 	0
the sleekness of the film 's present 	1
was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise 	1
its emotional power 	1
an ordeal than an amusement 	0
well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too 	1
was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be . 	1
smooth , shrewd , powerful act 	1
glossy rehash 	0
the one not-so-small problem with expecting 	0
a nicely 	1
unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers 	1
a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 	1
to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be 	0
, delicately performed 	1
perceptive , good-natured movie 	1
almost saves the movie . 	0
race splitting 	1
a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived 	1
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) 	0
... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired . 	0
as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart 	1
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws 	0
like a hazy high that takes too long to shake 	0
, and rousing 	1
immature provocations 	0
serve the work especially well 	1
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film . 	0
graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , 	1
that were once amusing 	0
tame 	1
another gross-out college comedy -- 	0
best spent elsewhere 	0
distant 	0
the battle 	0
you feel genuinely good 	1
like quirky , slightly strange french films 	1
first major studio production 	1
as a low-budget series on a uhf channel 	0
successfully blended satire 	1
a high-powered star pedigree 	1
a waste 	0
well-made 	1
thought-provoking and 	1
us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way 	1
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and 	1
is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this . 	1
have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries 	1
's worth yet another visit 	1
expressionistic license 	1
the visual flourishes 	1
the script has less spice than a rat burger 	0
explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut 	1
more mindless drivel 	0
simply astounding 	1
incompetent , 	0
gets the tone just right -- 	1
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 	0
however , it 's invaluable 	1
... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations . 	0
personal self-discovery 	1
are great rewards here . 	1
characteristically engorged and 	0
who is chasing who 	1
's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience . 	1
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year 	1
most good-hearted yet 	1
a gratingly unfunny groaner 	0
cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view 	1
, like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . 	1
most disappointing 	0
sophisticated wit 	1
in a summer of clones 	0
cliched dialogue and perverse escapism 	0
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities . 	0
dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy . 	1
feel like three hours 	0
owes enormous debts 	0
bogs down in a surfeit of characters and 	0
insipid 	0
seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 	1
one regards reign of fire with awe . 	1
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout 	1
has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream 	1
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing 	1
schneider is no steve martin 	0
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ... 	1
a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal 	1
's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . 	0
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , 	1
humanity 's greatest shame 	0
sweet cinderella story 	1
is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable . 	0
makin ' a fool of himself 	0
an engrossing story 	1
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but 	1
, for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life 	1
sucking you in ... and making you sweat 	1
plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out 	1
is in his element 	1
has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book 	1
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying 	1
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary . 	1
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation . 	0
does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting 	0
a happy ending 	1
george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension . 	1
complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen 	1
seem one-dimensional 	0
throw each other out windows 	0
though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . 	0
the worst movies of the year 	0
, poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 	0
ultra-cheesy 	0
playfully 	1
action-packed film 	1
if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in 	0
hefty thematic material 	1
noticeably less 	0
victim 	0
to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy 	0
heart 	1
did n't hate this one 	1
emotionally bruised characters 	0
feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock 	0
pure , exciting moviemaking 	1
, is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 	0
of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh 	1
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress . 	0
evasive 	0
most of it given to children 	1
delusional 	0
wimps 	0
who unfortunately works with a two star script 	0
well-acted 	1
moodiness 	0
will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious . 	0
modest 	1
of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies 	0
nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and 	1
in by the sympathetic characters 	1
weighted down with slow , 	0
with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard 	0
, it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés . 	0
, in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music 	1
what goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals . 	0
and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle . 	0
of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed 	0
wanes 	0
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy . 	0
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers . 	1
the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 	1
ms. hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate . 	1
enough quirky and satirical touches 	1
a strong dramatic and emotional pull 	1
know better than to rush to the theater for this one 	0
's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties 	1
fishy 	0
capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance 	0
give it considerable punch . 	1
sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then 	1
will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness 	0
is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype 	0
delight . 	1
become dullingly repetitive 	0
much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments 	1
you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll 	1
there are some fairly unsettling scenes 	0
the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . 	1
the best thing i can say about this film 	1
a very slow , uneventful 	0
fun and funky look 	1
the film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation . 	1
spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are . 	1
a generous , inspiring film 	1
an awful movie 	0
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself . 	1
of epic adventure 	1
could bond while watching a walk to remember . 	1
challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means 	1
fast-edit , hopped-up fashion 	1
, ghastly 	0
amusing and unexpectedly insightful 	1
the interior lives of the characters in his film 	1
's both charming and well 	1
downer 	0
the goods 	1
a trifle 	0
one clever line 	1
is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	1
if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master 	1
've seen some bad singer-turned actors 	0
have to admit i walked out of runteldat . 	0
is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy 	0
new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay 	0
its idiocy 	0
respect and affection 	1
so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside 	1
the requisite faux-urban vibe and 	0
crowd-pleasing 	1
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world 	1
a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence 	1
itself , a playful spirit and 	1
in an admittedly middling film 	0
is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be . 	0
low on energy 	0
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on . 	1
inventive , fun , 	1
remarkable achival film 	1
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break . 	0
makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs 	1
looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus 	1
make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad 	0
which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog 	0
a good video game movie 	1
the score is too insistent 	0
adam sandler 's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie . 	0
's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own 	1
the most poorly staged and lit action in memory 	0
of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	1
maintains a cool distance 	1
sucks . 	0
of despair 	0
beware the quirky brit-com . 	0
remarkable and memorable film 	1
inspires more than an interested detachment 	1
if there 's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way . 	0
research library dust 	0
to leave this loser 	0
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance . 	1
sad to say 	0
the payoff 	1
like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel 	0
what 's most refreshing about real women have curves 	1
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out 	0
a bad premise , just a bad movie 	0
pleasant piece 	1
that for the most part , the film is deadly dull 	0
film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure 	1
it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 	0
that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself 	1
comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . 	0
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story 	0
look ill at ease sharing the same scene 	0
beguiling serenity and poise 	1
( silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around ) 	1
paper-thin characterizations 	0
immersed in a foreign culture only 	1
's definite room for improvement . 	0
is n't even a movie 	0
those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . 	1
truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent 	1
their super-powers , their super-simple animation and 	1
santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard 	0
an elegant work 	1
filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim 	1
will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one . 	0
's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . 	0
with crude humor and vulgar innuendo 	0
slapdash mess 	0
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , 	1
what an idea , what a thrill ride 	1
foolish and shallow 	0
as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today 	1
fabulousness 	1
the screen like a true star 	1
wander about in thick clouds of denial 	0
a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula 	1
all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate 	1
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time 	1
fatal 	0
an avid interest in the subject 	1
` a ' list cast 	1
rushed to the megaplexes 	0
wit and interesting characters 	1
a boring man 	0
unpersuasive 	0
incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture 	1
that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself 	0
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude . 	1
made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted 	1
and weakly acted 	0
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` a walk to remember '' 	1
wholly unnecessary addition 	0
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy 	0
of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire 	1
a good-hearted ensemble comedy 	1
that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot 	0
affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together . 	1
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass 	1
language and locations 	1
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway . 	1
memorable zingers 	1
death 	0
, roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude . 	1
phenomenon 	1
imbecilic 	0
fun cheese puff 	1
fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . 	1
's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . 	0
a glass of flat champagne 	0
three-hour cinema master class . 	1
no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him 	1
hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 	0
while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media 	1
which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant 	0
look at that clever angle 	1
one problem with the movie 	0
stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 	1
( jeff 's ) gorgeous 	1
a personal low for everyone 	0
with a certain degree of wit and dignity 	1
it 's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia 	0
barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull . 	0
allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range . 	1
give a second look 	1
see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices 	1
as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season 	1
work more than it probably should 	0
capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie 	0
never rises above superficiality . 	0
the movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes . 	1
some of this laughable dialogue 	0
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating 	1
being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations 	1
mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain 	0
nothing about this movie works . 	0
make creative contributions to the story and dialogue 	1
fun for all 	1
is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way 	0
is such a mesmerizing one 	1
is a far smoother ride . 	1
has not spawned a single good film . 	0
all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 	1
thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy 	0
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t 	1
like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening . 	0
it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say 	1
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or 	0
gut-wrenching 	1
interesting 	1
as any hollywood fluff 	0
a touching drama 	1
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) ... 	1
is generally amusing from time 	1
wo n't much care about 	0
jumps around 	0
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor 	1
forgettable , if good-hearted , movie . 	0
flavorful 	1
very insecure 	0
is brilliant , really . 	1
plus , like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall ! 	1
the level of marginal competence 	0
mergers and downsizing 	0
heartfelt romance 	1
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms . 	1
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes 	0
able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn 	1
logistically 	1
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning 	1
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood . 	1
could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent 	1
its intended audience has n't yet had much science 	0
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) . 	0
listless and 	0
approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline 	1
fully formed and 	1
a few ear-pleasing songs 	1
gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways 	0
you 'll like promises . 	1
, evocative 	1
'll probably love it 	1
your seat for long stretches 	0
angry and 	0
viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting 	1
a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer 	1
community-college advertisement 	0
definitely a step in the right direction 	1
the delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two 	1
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder 	1
was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon 	1
distasteful 	0
uncompromising , difficult 	0
has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . 	1
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you 	1
dark areas 	0
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia . 	1
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds . 	1
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting 	0
since the evil dead 	0
whimsical 	1
to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 	0
surprisingly buoyant 	1
the dark areas of parent-child relationships 	0
as ugly as the shabby digital photography 	0
astonishingly skillful and moving ... 	1
a film with contemporary political resonance 	1
a picaresque view 	1
the campy results make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . 	1
be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy 	0
fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances 	1
a documentary to disregard available bias 	1
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds 	1
it will warm your heart 	1
self-aware , often self-mocking , 	1
she-cute 	1
's a hellish , numbing experience to watch 	0
french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music 	1
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation 	0
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud 	1
a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness 	1
will definitely win some hearts 	1
was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people 	0
more propaganda 	0
a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) 	0
is funny and looks professional 	1
triumphs 	1
an ugly , revolting movie . 	0
have an intermittently good time 	1
letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 	1
rich , and strange 	1
mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . 	0
red lights , a rattling noise 	0
comedy 	1
are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy . 	0
commanding screen presence 	1
but thoroughly satisfying entertainment 	1
two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears 	1
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker . 	1
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film 	0
be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) 	0
loses its fire 	0
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap . 	0
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that . 	1
is clumsy 	0
a remake by the numbers 	0
but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary . 	0
's funniest and most likeable movie in years 	1
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale . 	1
by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy 	0
innovations and 	1
the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative 	1
than a ` direct-to-video ' release 	0
has a real filmmaker 's eye . 	1
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement . 	1
, almost generic 	0
misogynist 	0
with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight 	0
a perceptive , good-natured movie . 	1
's very much like life itself 	1
banal and predictable . 	0
had all its vital essence scooped out 	0
give a thought to the folks who prepare and 	1
combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller 	1
most basic 	1
more holes than clyde barrow 's car 	0
manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun . 	0
is more fun than conan the barbarian . 	1
wonderful film to bring to imax 	1
again and quite cheered at just that 	1
the sheer beauty 	1
was as superficial 	0
uncommonly sincere 	1
the casting of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke . 	1
a bonus 	1
to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 	0
in enough clever and unexpected 	1
emotional force 	1
fun and funny in the middle 	1
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective 	1
` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . ' 	1
conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head 	0
keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . 	1
to death 	0
of every bad action-movie line in history 	0
of an ordeal than an amusement 	0
an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world 	1
the following things are not at all entertaining : 	0
an american tragedy 	0
child acting 	0
squanders as much as it gives out . 	0
repressed 	0
so convincing 	1
it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art 	0
as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us 	0
a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions 	1
're over 25 	1
should be relegated to a dark video store corner 	0
rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year 	1
nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects . 	1
optimistic 	1
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller . 	1
tidal 	1
clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ... 	1
goldbacher 	0
energy , intelligence and verve , 	1
finest 	1
shaky 	0
though jones and snipes are enthralling 	1
destruction 	0
spirited 	1
always entertaining 	1
of blaxploitation flicks 	0
of a man with unimaginable demons 	1
compelling and 	1
nothing but an episode of smackdown ! 	0
the power of shanghai ghetto 	1
delivers on the promise of excitement 	1
of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory 	0
amused 	1
is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk 	1
transcends their predicament 	1
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity 	1
visual merits 	1
vicious and absurd 	0
consummate 	1
gore for suspense 	0
downright transparent 	0
that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an 	0
audacity 	0
potential 	1
funnybone 	1
lazy tearjerker 	0
the year 's most intriguing movie experiences 	1
ludicrous 	0
this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs 	1
is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation 	1
full-length classic 	1
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 	0
grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience 	0
enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies 	1
sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . 	1
more overtly silly dialogue 	0
gritty enough 	1
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast 	1
has some unnecessary parts 	0
it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose . 	1
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy 	0
a huge disappointment coming 	0
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks 	1
both oscar winners , 	1
eight legged freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ... 	0
at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work 	1
is not real 	0
with big heart 	1
the most creative mayhem 	1
it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace 	0
to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood 	1
charmer 	1
long , intricate , star-studded and 	1
merely offensive 	0
a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind . 	1
the worst movies 	0
, the movie is better than you might think . 	1
clunky on the screen 	0
a look 	1
not to be moved by this drama 	0
of the worst of the entire franchise 	0
this illuminating comedy 	1
times uncommonly moving 	1
become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair 	0
there 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . 	1
describes this film : honest 	1
it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers . 	0
the molehill 	0
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see . 	0
distinguished film legacy 	1
is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . 	1
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither 	0
absurdly simplistic picture 	0
sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater 	1
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful . 	1
to smash its face in 	0
a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale 	0
, often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness 	1
seems endless 	1
fighting off the urge to doze 	0
flavors 	1
in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment 	1
to be the cat 's meow 	1
're supposed to shriek 	1
there 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . 	0
the cleverness 	1
its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy 	1
a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else 	0
cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	0
be cherished 	1
the wildly popular vin diesel 	1
love , duty and friendship 	1
that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 	0
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , 	1
a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery 	1
stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal 	1
moving , if uneven , success 	1
undermining the story 's emotional thrust 	1
lacks aspirations of social upheaval 	0
strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time 	0
a complicated hero 	1
a mediocre exercise in target demographics 	0
ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling . 	0
seen it all before in one form or another 	0
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them . 	0
are not to be dismissed . 	1
the film falters 	0
was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard 	1
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects . 	1
of fascinating performances 	1
the best advice 	1
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept . 	0
overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot 	0
an improvement on the first blade 	1
moments of breathtaking mystery 	1
an inspired portrait 	1
high-wattage 	1
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances . 	1
this smart 	1
there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm . 	0
a master 	1
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons 	1
made nature film and a tribute 	1
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time 	1
harmed 	0
the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone 	1
carved their own comfortable niche in the world 	1
, worse , 	0
there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm 	0
across as lame and sophomoric 	0
a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads 	0
thematically 	1
reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . 	1
ordinary , pasty lumpen 	0
is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart 	1
in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 	1
for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains 	0
has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll . 	1
his ninth decade 	1
never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting 	0
, duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper . 	1
last 15 years 	1
treasure 	1
in all fairness , i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks . 	1
grand a failure 	0
completely transfixes the audience . 	1
long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken 	0
are a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall 	1
intelligence and verve 	1
loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion 	0
great cinematic polemic 	1
sometimes inadequate 	0
even a little dated 	0
unique culture 	1
plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 	0
thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 	0
almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson 	0
waste viewers ' time 	0
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story . 	0
one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films 	1
fails to spark this leaden comedy 	0
have come to term an `` ambitious failure 	0
is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half . 	1
are poorly 	0
the ultimate movie experience 	1
happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	1
sword-and-sorcery 	0
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger . 	1
more down-home flavor 	1
the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez 	0
, imaginative 	1
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits 	1
many bona fide groaners 	0
a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn 	1
interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience 	0
spectacularly beautiful 	1
ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies . 	0
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman 	0
( and funnier 	1
of a war zone 	0
, and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's 	0
charismatic and tragically 	1
un-bear-able '' project 	0
mild hallucinogenic buzz 	0
suffocate 	0
is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits . 	0
while not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original . 	0
among the most pitiful directing 	0
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... 	0
a rip-roaring comedy action 	1
often-hilarious farce 	1
contentedly 	1
the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences 	0
rare trick 	1
falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	0
conjured up more coming-of-age stories 	1
nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own 	0
portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 	1
the scuzzy underbelly 	0
see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	0
, we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking 	1
thoughtful and unflinching examination 	1
( haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 	1
beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing . 	1
adam sandler 	1
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully 	1
here is doa . 	0
a movie that keeps throwing fastballs 	1
yawner 	0
of a-list brit actors 	1
hiss 	0
actors in bad bear suits 	0
like a rash 	0
it 's loud and boring ; 	0
becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if 	0
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing . 	1
further sad evidence 	0
steven seagal 	1
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy 	1
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece 	1
seek and strike just the right tone 	1
mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema . 	0
is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 	1
rooted in a sincere performance 	1
amazingly dopey . 	1
an edgy thriller 	1
emotionally strong and politically potent piece 	1
run-of-the-mill . 	0
, this movie is hopeless 	0
compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	1
, obnoxious 	0
` funny 	1
did they not have the nerve to speak up 	0
instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash 	0
nonconformist 	1
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance . 	0
to decide what annoyed me most about god is great 	0
is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films 	1
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , 	0
is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking . 	1
twisted 	0
wait to see it then 	0
while the film is not entirely successful 	0
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand . 	0
the adventures of direct-to-video nash 	0
interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy 	0
artless sytle 	0
with a core of decency 	1
the film works as well as it does because of the performances . 	1
through clever makeup design 	1
's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 	1
blatant and sickening product placement 	0
seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags . 	0
defiantly and delightfully against the grain 	1
full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery 	1
part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent 	1
best forgotten 	0
big bloody chomps 	0
rejection by one 's mother 	0
although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired . 	0
one of the funnier movies in town 	1
some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk 	0
snared in its own tangled plot 	0
honest insight 	1
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , 	0
delicious and 	1
has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama . 	1
silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight 	1
that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 	0
sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ... 	1
it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . 	0
fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society 	1
's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him 	1
manipulative and contrived 	0
coarse , cliched and clunky 	0
of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination 	1
of sexy intrigue 	1
be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience 	1
miserable and 	0
an intriguing and alluring premise 	1
even the hastily and amateurishly 	0
spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese 	0
the perkiness of witherspoon 	1
takes advantage of the fact 	1
lost ideal 	0
the town has kind of an authentic feel , 	1
i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! 	1
the film 's lack 	0
thrilling movie 	1
i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but 	1
has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience . 	1
is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow 	1
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action 	0
crisp framing , edgy camera work , 	1
riveting and surprisingly romantic 	1
spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion . 	0
they 'll probably run out screaming . 	0
it 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look . 	1
the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles 	0
a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past 	1
road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing 	1
needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . 	1
is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work 	0
's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain . 	0
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . 	0
gutter 	0
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic 	0
engage 	1
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 	0
a downer and a little 	0
would n't make trouble every day any better . 	0
delivers a powerful commentary 	1
proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors 	1
decrepit freaks 	0
is going to be something really good 	1
believe it 	1
sweet home alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films . 	0
the problematic characters and 	0
long for the end 	0
be why it works as well as it does 	1
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 . 	0
funny and touching 	1
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script . 	1
is tragically 	0
gimmicks 	0
lively and engaging examination 	1
works so well for the first 89 minutes , 	1
rohmer still has a sense of his audience 	1
's no real sense of suspense 	0
comes together 	1
for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future . 	1
go where the moment takes them 	1
mopes 	0
exquisite motion picture 	1
darkly funny 	1
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . 	1
rambling and incoherent 	0
genre-busting 	1
trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards 	0
lots of obvious political insights 	1
a headline-fresh thriller 	1
starts promisingly 	1
the two and 	1
of lingerie models and bar dancers 	1
is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year . 	1
would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 	0
a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images 	1
down memory lane 	1
there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . 	0
the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma 	0
from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc 	0
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and 	1
padding 	1
bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it 	0
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper . 	0
in auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance 	1
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich 	1
of grief and loss 	0
sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams 	0
the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic 	0
bean drops the ball too many times 	0
there , done that , 	0
credible and remarkably mature 	1
clever and insightful 	1
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights . 	1
make this a charmer 	1
with his effortless performance 	1
have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again 	0
laughingly 	1
jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	1
give you 	1
celebrates the human spirit 	1
show to steal 	1
is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 	1
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and 	1
funny , sweetly adventurous 	1
of useless actioners 	0
taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and 	1
twinkly-eyed 	1
all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets 	0
this is an interesting movie ! '' 	1
's really sad 	0
it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 	1
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled . 	0
imagination and authentic christmas spirit 	1
vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale 	1
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff . 	0
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- 	1
director peter kosminsky 	1
hollywood expects people to pay to see it 	0
true events 	1
a remarkable and novel 	1
if tragic ) 	0
it 's splash without the jokes . 	0
insurance company office 	1
feels homogenized and a bit contrived , 	0
a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor 	1
become expert fighters 	1
is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card . 	0
runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours 	0
shrewd and effective film 	1
do in this marvelous film 	1
tongue-in-cheek 	1
forged in still-raw emotions 	1
a lumbering , wheezy drag 	0
of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' 	1
so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 	1
is labored 	0
sassy 	1
in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil 	1
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? '' 	0
plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults 	0
you can taste it , 	1
finds its moviegoing pleasures 	1
that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly 	0
for a film about explosions and death and spies , `` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film . 	0
his usual intelligence and subtlety 	1
compelling and horrifying 	1
say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here 	0
an amusing little catch 	1
misogyny 	0
lacks a sense of dramatic urgency 	0
eighth-grader 	1
an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys 	1
which never reach satisfying conclusions 	0
of pure craft and passionate heart 	1
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill . 	1
hackneyed , threadbare comic setups 	0
dull , dumb and derivative horror 	0
keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum 	1
a tale full of nuance and character dimension 	1
seem disappointing in its generalities 	0
had gone in for pastel landscapes . 	1
the waste of a good cast 	0
need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work 	1
's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film 	1
headline-fresh thriller 	1
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong . 	1
this movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 	0
a part of its grand locations 	1
schmaltzy 	0
frustrates and captivates 	1
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama 	0
it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings 	0
brings out the allegory with remarkable skill 	1
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship 	0
filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy 	0
is an accomplished actress 	1
bogs down in rhetoric and cliché 	0
landmark 	1
me want to scream 	0
the laughs 	1
are both superb 	1
is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings 	0
it gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good . 	1
wholesome 	1
uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters 	1
fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages . 	1
works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing 	0
detailed performances 	1
but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . 	1
is why i have given it a one-star rating 	0
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... 	0
it 's nowhere near as good as the original . 	0
stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy 	1
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck . 	0
just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy . 	0
that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well 	0
the first fatal attraction 	1
party-hearty 	1
gates 	1
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , 	0
struggle 	0
of a well-made pizza 	1
a heck of a ride 	1
a few tasty morsels under your belt 	1
a sheer unbridled delight in the way 	1
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground . 	0
eloquent ( meditation ) on death and 	1
a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary 	0
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either 	0
both leads are up to the task 	1
a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions 	1
lee 's achievement 	1
slow . 	0
into the sort of heartache everyone 	0
an eventual cult classic 	1
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense 	0
it 's sort of in-between 	1
, this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing 	0
suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer 	0
is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . '' 	0
than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry 	1
cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	0
feel-good territory 	1
it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up 	1
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' 	1
much-needed levity 	1
this story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone 	1
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century 	1
's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed . 	0
a surprisingly funny movie 	1
mediocre one 	0
the match that should be used to burn every print of the film 	0
a quietly moving 	1
need n't waste their time on it 	0
observed character piece . 	1
is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama 	0
an interesting controversy 	1
they prove more distressing than suspenseful . 	0
hugely entertaining 	1
is cloudy , the picture making becalmed . 	0
marking the slow , lingering death of imagination 	0
dullness 	0
a kick 	1
ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered 	0
unimaginative and 	0
one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern 	1
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement 	1
versace 	1
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere . 	0
quite the career peak 	1
worth a look 	1
can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one 	1
true emotional connection or identification frustratingly 	1
you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves 	0
educates viewers with words and pictures 	1
with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie 	0
at how clever it 's being 	1
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable 	1
it is instructive 	1
bad and baffling 	0
high-minded snoozer . 	0
one helluva singer 	1
comes off as a pale successor . 	0
have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it 	1
something must have been lost in the translation . 	0
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 	0
rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations . 	0
of hollywood fluff 	0
mr. caine and mr. fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances . 	1
to faith and rainbows 	1
fascinating study 	1
cheeky 	1
so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory 	0
an athlete , a movie star 	1
championship 	1
he 's willing to express his convictions 	1
emphasizing 	1
itself are little more than routine . 	0
that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice 	1
terrorists are more evil than ever ! 	0
was more melodramatic 	0
it ultimately satisfies with its moving story 	1
guessing plot and an affectionate 	1
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama 	0
admitted egomaniac 	0
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work 	0
's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes 	0
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense 	1
's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) 	1
overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm 	0
live up to material 	1
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and 	0
which makes its message resonate . 	1
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility . 	0
titillating 	1
aplenty 	1
morally alert 	1
richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing 	1
what the english call ` too clever by half 	0
is to be mesmerised . 	1
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here . 	0
for all the dolorous trim 	1
hell 	0
introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers 	1
its occasional charms 	1
from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona 	0
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage 	1
on the soullessness of work 	0
glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit 	1
, the characters move with grace and panache 	1
stifles creativity 	0
amusedly 	1
repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , 	0
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire 	0
been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness 	0
kinky fun 	1
delight your senses and crash this wedding ! 	1
a technical triumph and an extraordinary 	1
plot holes 	0
is nearly incoherent 	0
amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . 	1
too long with too little 	0
it 's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition 	0
score points for political correctness 	1
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and 	0
gutsy and perfectly 	1
, endearing 	1
have saved this film a world of hurt 	1
what makes barbershop so likable 	1
let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists 	1
represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy . 	0
watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs 	0
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making 	0
, what an idea , what a thrill ride . 	1
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , 	1
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 	1
unadorned 	0
less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably 	1
what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery 	0
is one of this year 's very best pictures . 	1
is flat 	0
pair that with really poor comedic writing 	0
by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment 	0
far superior 	1
almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 	1
enjoyable trifle 	1
emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers 	1
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance 	0
does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown 's life . 	1
it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe 	0
unnoticed 	0
a movie that 's held 	1
smartly and wistfully 	1
enervating determination 	1
a man has made about women since valley of the dolls 	1
little more than a mall movie designed to kill time 	0
significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration 	0
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle 	0
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting . 	0
hugely enjoyable film 	1
effort to watch this movie 	0
delivering oscar-caliber performances 	1
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast . 	1
of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies 	1
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase 	0
delightful , well-crafted family film 	1
with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set 	0
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , 	0
and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him . 	1
those exceedingly rare films 	1
that works 	1
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs 	1
a decent tv outing 	1
embraces its old-fashioned themes 	1
's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten 	0
as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- 	0
unbearably 	0
the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be 	1
return to never land is much more p.c. than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing . 	0
stylistic austerity and forcefulness 	1
the most enchanting film of the year 	1
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good 	0
as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california 	0
its need to reassure 	0
that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower 	1
limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror 	0
stunning fusion 	1
slight but sweet 	1
's packed with just as much intelligence as action 	1
charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments 	1
cinematic pollution 	0
's too loud to shout insults at the screen 	0
extremely bad . 	0
taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 	1
such a well loved classic 	1
, who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . 	1
hard to be mythic 	0
's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns . 	0
mishandled here 	0
above all 	1
the awfulness of the movie 	0
rises to its clever what-if concept . 	1
with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling . 	0
a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with 	1
there is one word that best describes this film : honest . 	1
a weird fizzle 	0
superior moral tone 	1
have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 	1
to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it 	1
utter mush 	0
sad , sordid universe 	0
best possible senses 	1
two marvelously 	1
from the demented mind 	0
encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale 	1
have been a sketch on saturday night live 	1
looks neat 	1
feels like a prison stretch . 	0
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm 	1
a non-stop funny feast 	1
, it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice . 	1
conceptually brilliant 	1
leather pants & 	1
candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take 	1
wonder of wonders 	1
banged their brains into the ground so frequently 	0
can easily be considered career-best performances 	1
begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully 	1
can say 	0
good looks 	1
you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 	1
the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen 	0
still has a sense of his audience 	1
as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise 	1
if festival in cannes nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 	0
half-assed 	0
the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars 	1
than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies 	0
a compelling story of musical passion 	1
intelligent , caustic 	1
for teens to laugh , groan and hiss 	1
comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won . 	0
ending surprise 	1
were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play 	0
features a standout performance by diane lane 	1
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted . 	1
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well 	1
no big whoop , nothing new to see 	0
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey . 	0
anonymous chiller 	1
, indie trick 	0
a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank 	0
this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot 	0
aging , suffering 	0
works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently 	1
bronze 	1
is a fascinating film 	1
uninvolving storytelling 	0
bordering on confessional 	0
of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it 	0
his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him 	0
effective moments 	1
earnest moment 	1
you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out 	1
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion . 	1
spectacular 	1
a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 	0
feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes . 	0
an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film 	1
somber , absurd , and , finally , 	0
also happens to be good 	1
what 's infuriating about full frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense . 	0
if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow 	1
sincere acting 	1
deep , uncompromising 	1
he has no character , loveable or otherwise 	0
pretends to be passionate and truthful but 	0
a `` home alone '' film that is staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . 	0
makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose 	1
are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone . 	1
eastwood 's loyal fans 	1
has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky 	0
that upends nearly every cliché 	1
a movie with no reason for being 	0
the most fluent of actors 	1
sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster 	0
expert fighters 	1
is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 	0
dreary and overwrought 	0
the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest 	0
feel sanitised and stagey . 	0
meandering and pointless 	0
a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope 	1
the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo 	0
enjoyed the thrill of the chill 	1
glows 	1
splash without the jokes 	0
of its gaudy hawaiian shirt 	0
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast 	1
far more alienating than involving 	0
uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks 	0
café 	1
( a ) strong piece of work 	1
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera 	1
sweet and sexy 	1
a moving tale 	1
that remains vividly in memory long 	1
is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film . 	1
coming-of-age theme 	1
as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics 	0
huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people 	0
that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing 	1
the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . ' 	0
this supposedly funny movie 	0
full-bodied 	1
it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action 	0
writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half . ' 	0
crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 	1
most enchanting 	1
as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets 	0
a touching , small-scale story 	1
a muddy psychological thriller 	0
due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired 	1
any real emotional impact 	0
seem so real in small doses 	1
the best of both worlds 	1
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood 	0
captivatingly quirky hybrid 	1
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , 	1
with a solid cast , 	1
weird and wonderful 	1
is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture . 	1
's not bad prose 	1
to capture these musicians in full regalia 	1
huge fan 	1
a predictable connect-the-dots course 	0
` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set 	0
faith in the future 	1
crap like this 	0
complex , 	1
flatly 	0
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack 	0
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , 	0
many talented people 	1
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- 	0
somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	1
a marvel 	1
just unlikable . 	0
are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence . 	0
of teen-speak and animal gibberish 	0
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre . 	0
driven by appealing leads 	1
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women . 	1
`` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section 	0
anchoring performance 	1
a glorified sitcom , and 	0
costner 's 	1
quirky , charming and often hilarious 	1
mediocrity 	0
esoteric 	1
the same old silliness 	0
yields surprises 	1
have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks 	0
a terrific screenplay 	1
definitely worth 	1
capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance . 	0
emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds 	1
a loathsome movie 	0
hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure 	1
songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . 	1
dead 	0
enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins 	1
real-time rhythms 	1
elegant , mannered and teasing 	1
aggravating 	0
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay . 	0
unlikeable people 	0
of naiveté and sophistication 	1
a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life 	0
lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery . 	1
a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... 	1
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense 	0
's not enough substance here 	0
is a hoot 	1
to keep things interesting 	1
feeble 	0
it well worth watching 	1
all end in someone screaming 	0
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror . 	0
viewed and treasured 	1
, surrealistic moments 	1
welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor 	1
leave you cold 	0
that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 	1
overwrought comedy/drama 	0
hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes 	0
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . 	0
distasteful and downright creepy 	0
funny documentary 	1
deep intelligence 	1
a cold blanket 	0
the nicest thing 	1
you care about the characters 	1
more enjoyable than its predecessor . 	1
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style 	0
're at the right film 	1
an interesting look 	1
pulling on heartstrings 	1
is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie . 	0
true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus 	0
the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction 	0
need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is 	0
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry ! 	1
oscar-caliber 	1
nothing better to do with 94 minutes 	0
're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , 	0
uninventive 	0
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . 	0
the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks 	1
the hastily and amateurishly 	0
becomes a tiresome cliché 	0
is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country . 	1
distinctive 	1
engaging storyline 	1
is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen 	0
a surgeon mends 	1
's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role . 	1
a terrific role 	1
too many barney videos 	0
is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer 	0
a flood of emotion 	1
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way . 	1
, with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 	0
overacted 	0
begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters . 	1
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them 	1
it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one 	1
it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone 	0
's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale 	0
gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances 	1
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe 	1
inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids 	0
'll cheer 	1
typical junkie opera 	0
change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies 	0
we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses 	0
, this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 	1
the stories work and 	1
slumming 	0
very ambitious 	1
scene-chewing 	0
amuse even 	1
having sucked dry the undead action flick formula 	0
more than a bait-and-switch 	1
the comic possibilities 	1
who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public 	1
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman 's similarly updated 1970 british production . 	1
there 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits . 	0
to endure instead of enjoy 	0
it might deliver again and again 	1
enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over 	1
guessing plot and 	1
cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly 	1
lurid 	0
... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters . 	0
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke 	0
from a flat script and a low budget 	0
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . 	0
match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try 	0
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense 	0
glossy melodrama 	0
some flashy twists 	1
of a great one 	1
another classic for the company 	1
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and 	1
an artist who is simply tired -- 	0
freakish 	1
cascade over the screen effortlessly 	1
straightforward , emotionally honest 	1
with slow pacing 	0
'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 	0
a bravura performance 	1
discovering your destination in life 	1
, it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies . 	0
, banter-filled comedy 	1
needed . 	1
average , at best , i 'm afraid . 	0
an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off 	0
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted . 	0
, political intrigue , partisans and sabotage 	1
the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal 	1
want to be jolted out of their gourd 	1
directed with purpose and finesse 	1
timeless and universal tale 	1
stories work 	1
through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement 	1
the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 	1
may have been born to make 	1
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , 	1
first-timer 	1
pubescent 	1
staggers 	0
fizzle 	0
of cliches that the talented cast generally 	0
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough . 	1
thoroughly enjoyed themselves 	1
feels uncomfortably real , 	1
a performance that is masterly 	1
has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! 	1
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally 	0
it 's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding . 	0
then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time 	0
is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 	1
while the third feels limited by its short running time 	0
it has its moments 	1
it might have held my attention , 	0
much worse than bland or 	0
solidly constructed , entertaining thriller 	1
, pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 	1
because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 	1
rich details 	1
breakdown 	0
by an angel simplicity 	1
helps create a complex , unpredictable character 	1
has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over 	1
can only be described as sci-fi generic 	0
it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 	1
that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept 	0
you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it 	0
monumental 	1
must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	1
not exaggerated enough 	0
interest can not be revived . 	0
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : 	0
can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . ' 	1
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood 	1
no means a slam-dunk 	0
it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style 	0
could be so light-hearted ? 	1
that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne 	1
is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama 	0
senseless 	0
unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke 	0
manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time 	1
can feel the love . 	1
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and 	1
has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances . 	1
recommend big bad love only 	1
the resourceful molly 	1
a vile , incoherent mess 	0
thoughtful screenplay 	1
parental units 	1
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . 	0
invitingly upbeat overture 	1
is by far the worst movie of the year 	0
is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work 	1
hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references 	0
can take the grandkids or the grandparents 	1
to the gifted korean american stand-up 	1
, it actually hurts to watch . 	0
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... 	0
not a trace 	0
an unendurable viewing experience 	0
a more than satisfactory amount of carnage 	1
otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés 	0
we 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher 	1
a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater 	1
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 	1
few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . 	0
- i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! 	1
terrific b movie 	1
whole family 	1
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , 	1
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it . 	1
is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness 	1
is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie 	0
both times 	1
a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind . 	1
, fetishistic violence 	0
bombshell documentary 	1
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together 	0
a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire 	0
high note 	1
the charming result 	1
also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	1
toilet humor 	0
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play 	1
are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . 	1
too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations 	0
make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and 	0
see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original 	1
perfect quiet pace 	1
with the waldo salt screenwriting award 	1
a vivid imagination and an impressive style 	1
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation . 	1
's never too late to believe in your dreams . 	1
of corny dialogue and preposterous moments 	0
needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about 	0
it is to be ya-ya 	1
is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage . 	0
self-deprecating comedy 	1
that makes it attractive throughout 	1
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate . 	0
wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life 	0
's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts 	1
is really frustratingly timid and soggy 	0
even better than the fellowship 	1
in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 	0
by this tired retread 	0
a give-me-an-oscar kind 	1
is prime escapist fare . 	1
first-rate performance 	1
sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 	1
, but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too . 	1
forget about it by monday 	0
weird . 	0
both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good 	1
is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake . 	1
has some of the best special effects ever 	1
what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 	0
the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context 	1
actually improves upon the original hit movie 	1
dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions 	1
generally amusing from time 	1
lame comedy . 	0
a rock-solid gangster movie 	1
necessary viewing for sci-fi fans 	1
smarter and more unnerving than the sequels 	1
grand picture 	1
was going to be really awful 	0
nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . ' 	1
squanders its beautiful women 	0
it is a remarkably original work . 	1
childlike smile 	1
brave and sweetly 	1
no real surprises 	0
gangster no. 1 drips 	0
sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama 	0
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set 	0
the result is somewhat satisfying 	1
directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable 	1
, triumphant , 	1
a nice album 	1
confidently 	1
except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 	0
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do . 	1
the script 's endless assault 	0
moving experience 	1
it can easily worm its way into your heart . ' 	1
it 's badder than bad . 	0
is an enjoyable big movie 	1
, well , funnier . 	1
little excitement 	0
seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely 	0
paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . 	1
it 's definitely a step in the right direction . 	1
electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness 	0
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story . 	1
wonderful as the long-faced sad sack 	1
fun with it 	1
twenty-first 	1
a genius 	1
real situations and characters 	1
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . 	0
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically . 	1
pathetically compare notes about their budding amours 	0
the genuinely funny jokes 	1
worth sitting through 	1
( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) 	0
's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs 	1
a fascinating little tale 	1
skilfully 	1
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation 	0
is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson 	1
the jokes , most at women 's expense 	0
laid back 	1
despite modest aspirations 	1
you 're a struggling nobody 	0
'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away 	1
as the mediterranean sparkles , ` swept away ' sinks . 	0
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , 	0
an unsettling picture 	0
is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve 	0
opera on film is never satisfactory . 	0
uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion 	0
a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy 	1
one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages 	1
very compelling tale 	1
distasteful and 	0
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed 	0
's really so appealing about the characters 	1
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock 	1
russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement 	1
about existential suffering 	0
, it will be well worth your time . 	1
the land 	1
might actually want to watch 	1
it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy 	0
no affinity 	0
of charm 	1
mesmerize , astonish and entertain 	1
is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents 	1
nijinsky says , ' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . 	0
the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . 	0
to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits 	1
begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 	0
sometimes exceptional film 	1
clarity and 	1
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns . 	1
laughter and self-exploitation 	1
mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 	1
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : 	1
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and 	0
exceptionally dreary and overwrought 	0
a coming-of-age tale 	1
, vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . 	0
maintains an appealing veneer 	1
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 	0
had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine 	0
interesting in unfaithful 	1
is such a sweet and sexy film 	1
probably one of the best since the last waltz 	1
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold 	1
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine . 	0
it feels like a glossy rehash . 	0
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama 	0
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie . 	0
re-fried green tomatoes 	0
keep the story compelling 	1
feeling this movie 	1
overexposed waste 	0
demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself 	1
is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once 	0
far more stylish and 	1
's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work . 	1
while it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own . 	0
, unimaginative and derivative 	0
most disappointing woody allen movie 	0
a poignant comedy that offers food for 	1
is like binging on cotton candy 	1
's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen 	0
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit . 	0
milder is n't better 	0
they could n't have done in half an hour 	0
exploiting it yourself 	0
an amateurish screenplay 	0
point and purpose 	1
leave you wanting more , 	1
moaning about their cruel fate 	0
melancholy 	0
there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 	0
stale and 	0
sorority boys is a bowser . 	0
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening 	0
the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . 	0
would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment 	0
violated 	0
the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side 	1
stirs us as well 	1
smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary 	0
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie . 	0
born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues 	1
de niro 's right-hand goombah 	0
right choice 	1
are remarkable 	1
marshall keeps the energy humming , 	1
bad bear suits 	0
to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films 	1
come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron . 	1
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes 	0
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling 	0
seriously , folks , it does n't work . 	0
stunning technical achievement 	1
it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting . 	0
the brim with ideas 	1
iles 	1
some charm and heart 	1
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why 	1
contrived plot points 	0
awakening and 	1
, mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . 	1
deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery 	0
is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own 	0
a strength 	1
that appeals to me 	1
naive dreams 	0
a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 	0
about an adult male dressed in pink jammies 	0
, laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 	1
shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema 	1
though harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . 	0
little wit 	0
, his secret life will leave you thinking 	1
the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 	1
at its laziest 	0
its worst harangues 	0
miracles , 	1
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets . 	0
nothing short of refreshing 	1
there 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here . 	0
be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world 	1
see all summer 	1
as scary-funny as tremors 	1
a captivatingly quirky hybrid 	1
a wonderful film to bring to imax 	1
an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch . 	1
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics . 	1
gibberish 	0
you find comfort in familiarity 	1
rises above the level of a telanovela . 	1
naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . 	0
, however entertainingly presented , 	0
a sour attempt 	0
astounds . 	1
point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets . 	1
its perfunctory conclusion 	0
engage and even touch us 	1
loved classic 	1
transformed star 	1
employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british . 	0
from a sharper , cleaner script 	1
find it baffling 	0
by now intolerable morbidity 	0
of a director enjoying himself immensely 	1
in a dysfunctional family 	0
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , 	0
feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form . 	0
farts , urine , 	0
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role . 	0
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge . 	1
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack . 	0
greatest 	1
idiotic and ugly 	0
utterly transcend gender 	1
cinema fans 	1
where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy 	1
talented performers 	1
does n't make sense 	0
some unnecessary parts 	0
is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying . 	0
would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated 	0
the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role 	0
hooks us 	1
, nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 	0
more accurate than anything 	1
has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side 	1
no organic intrigue 	0
tardier 	0
short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 	1
grab you 	1
of entertainment that parents love to have their kids 	1
slight and uninventive 	0
'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper 	0
hedonistic creativity 	1
benefit enormously 	1
, i hate it . 	0
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor 	0
the performances are worthwhile . 	1
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie 	1
unsurprisingly 	0
see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi 	0
irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , 	0
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags . 	0
ripe recipe , inspiring 	1
there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better 	0
the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers 	1
visual splendor that can be seen in other films 	1
the densest distillation of roberts ' movies ever made . 	0
love it ... hell , i dunno . 	1
that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	1
insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 	1
solid , satisfying fare for adults 	1
is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . 	1
a wish your heart makes 	1
totalitarian 	0
in a shabby script 	0
of abuse 	0
renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance . 	1
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level . 	0
are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life . 	1
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , 	0
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . 	0
lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire 	0
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis 	1
stifling morality tale 	0
been slimed in the name of high art 	0
it happens to flat characters 	0
the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 	0
that really tells the tale 	1
oscar-worthy 	1
for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity 	1
it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . 	1
interesting storytelling devices 	1
much to it 	1
cliche pileup 	0
coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather 	0
the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story 	1
is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else 	0
trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? ' 	1
a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this 	1
its originality 	1
realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty 	1
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie 	1
you can taste it , but there 's no fizz . 	0
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching . 	1
patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks 	1
the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness 	1
is something of a triumph 	1
is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip 	1
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , 	1
who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting 	1
a half dozen 	1
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women 	1
thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering 	1
abridged edition 	1
your entertainment standards 	1
finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise 	1
of genuine insight into the urban heart 	1
the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer . 	1
is a fascinating little tale 	1
anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	1
doze off for a few minutes 	0
good news to anyone 	1
murder by numbers just does n't add up . 	0
as delicately calibrated in tone 	1
the bullseye 	1
is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance . 	1
may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . 	1
its real emotional business 	1
dull effects 	0
washington demands and receives excellent performances 	1
the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well . 	0
humor and lightness 	1
provide an emotional edge 	1
, the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . 	1
find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) 	0
's not a bad premise , just a bad movie . 	0
in entertaining 	1
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller . 	1
can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . 	0
its gentle , touching story 	1
assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off 	0
sweet spirit 	1
where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences 	0
is just lazy writing 	0
an entirely stale concept 	0
a self-reflexive , philosophical nature 	1
the outstanding soundtrack 	1
sharp script 	1
has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now . 	0
particularly funny 	1
can overcome bad hair design 	0
will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy 	1
the head of the class of women 's films 	1
naturally funny 	1
it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick 	0
awed 	1
how i killed my father compelling 	1
apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	1
i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old . 	1
relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . 	0
misconstrued 	0
ms. seigner and mr. serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters . 	1
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers 	0
is icily brilliant 	1
just might turn on many people to opera , in general 	1
, are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it 	1
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and 	1
cheap , 	0
a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies 	0
is a hoot , and 	1
be called the best korean film of 2002 	1
to match the ordeal of sitting through it 	0
grossly 	0
is haunting ... ( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction . 	1
to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism 	0
the dull effects 	0
too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly 	0
has rewards 	1
be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot 	0
created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 	1
there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights . 	0
fascinating connections 	1
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe 	0
time out 	0
that the answer is as conventional as can be 	0
foul-natured 	0
an almost unbearably morbid 	0
while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one 	0
a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle 	0
is icily brilliant . 	1
as a well-made evocation 	1
works beautifully as a movie 	1
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie . 	0
numbing experience to watch 	0
original character , siuation or joke 	1
is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . 	1
is ultimately quite unengaging . 	0
steven shainberg 's adaptation 	1
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman . 	1
well-characterized 	1
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook . 	0
a pleasure to watch 	1
more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 	1
the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families 	0
a triumph 	1
slash-fest 	0
a boring man , 	0
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received 	1
a new , self-deprecating level 	0
esteemed writer-actor 	1
a spotty script 	0
captivated 	1
phony 	0
scherfig 's light-hearted profile 	1
is wonderful . 	1
moments of promise 	1
slow down 	0
, despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , 	0
deft comic timing 	1
is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body 	1
poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines 	0
cast is painful to watch 	0
, we 'd prefer a simple misfire . 	0
seems to elicit a chuckle 	1
by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in 	0
a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes 	1
is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else . 	0
, unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it 	1
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart 	1
stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 	0
smash its face in 	0
's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films 	1
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door . 	1
plays like a bad soap opera , 	0
captures the raw comic energy of one 	1
unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke . 	0
hilarious writer-director himself 	1
laugh-out-loud lines , 	1
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , 	1
top-notch action powers 	1
breaking new ground 	1
sensitive ensemble performances and 	1
throughout , mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick . 	1
a beautiful paean 	1
his rental car 	1
despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable 	0
racial tension 	0
lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless 	0
you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . 	0
thinking about going to see this movie 	1
woody allen has really found his groove these days . 	1
more than recycled jock 	0
by the final whistle you 're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic . 	0
our dismay 	0
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , 	1
elegant technology for the masses 	1
peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales , villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . 	1
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze . 	0
's not nearly enough 	0
scoring 	1
has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest 	0
blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 	1
reap more rewards 	1
it 's not very well shot or composed or edited 	0
dumb and 	0
authentic christmas spirit 	1
's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making 	0
most savory and hilarious 	1
a celebrated wonder 	1
keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart 	0
the free-wheeling noir spirit 	1
delight 	1
rip-roaring comedy action 	1
populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who 	0
it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out . 	1
multi-character story 	1
a workable primer 	1
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , 	1
slob 	0
keeping the picture compelling 	1
too busy 	0
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery 	0
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . 	0
try to avoid 	0
so impersonal 	0
has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess 	1
has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics 	1
there is plenty of room for editing , and 	0
this year 's razzie 	0
even more to think about after the final frame 	1
mature 	1
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries . 	1
properly spooky film 	1
new favorite musical 	1
how families can offer either despair or consolation 	1
appealing couple 	1
surprised 	1
that believing in something does matter 	1
cinematic punishment 	0
truly egregious 	0
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 	0
parents beware ; 	1
the opposite of a truly magical movie 	0
shine through the gloomy film noir veil 	1
frantic 	0
liked it much better 	1
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups . 	0
the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks 	0
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie 	1
exceptionally 	1
glucose sentimentality and 	0
film lapses 	0
most jaded 	1
bad and baffling from the get-go 	0
it 's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul 	1
howlingly trashy time 	1
's nowhere near as exciting as either 	0
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , 	0
rather thin moral 	0
splendid 	1
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece 	1
that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 	0
it 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . 	0
scare the pants off you 	1
like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) 	0
tackling what seems like done-to-death material 	0
is a really special walk in the woods . 	1
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units . 	0
terminally cute drama 	1
nuanced look 	1
druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors 	0
truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film 	1
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily 	0
even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his 	1
, the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 	0
falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject 	0
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but 	1
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure 	0
teeny-bopper 	0
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , 	1
you wo n't like looking at it 	0
's work as well as a remarkably faithful one 	1
classic satire 	1
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure 	1
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry . 	1
its decrepit freaks 	0
pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings 	0
as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes 	0
have a great time 	1
a torrent 	1
darling band wilco 	1
an important movie , 	1
( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but 	0
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling . 	0
vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler 's reigen 	0
is frequently amusing 	1
who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another 	0
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . 	1
wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself . 	0
a superficial way , while never sure 	0
ambition 	1
that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 	0
for controversy 	1
impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies . 	0
prolonged extrusion 	0
the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching . 	1
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but 	1
interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions 	1
to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 	1
some episodes work , some do n't . 	0
is a cinematic misdemeanor 	0
about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 	0
memories and one fantastic visual trope 	1
this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer . 	0
is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 	1
for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all 	0
mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute 	1
are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros 	1
love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness 	1
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast 	0
a bad taste 	0
by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	1
families and church meetings 	1
deserves an oscar nomination 	1
lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency 	0
you find yourself praying for a quick resolution 	0
its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades 	1
able to forgive its mean-spirited second half 	1
is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice 	0
that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline 	0
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered 	1
is your film . 	1
is a disarmingly lived-in movie 	1
amusement 	1
who loves both dance and cinema 	1
eloquent , deeply felt meditation 	1
suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh 	1
fairly slow 	0
without ever being self-important 	1
( janey ) forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . 	0
a bad movie , 	0
followed by the bad idea 	0
the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for 	0
piss on trees , b.s. one another 	0
another unoriginal run 	0
stolid remake 	0
smug and cartoonish 	0
is a likable story , told with competence . 	1
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman 	0
an exhausted , desiccated talent 	0
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and 	1
be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated 	0
to the edge of your seat 	1
is n't funny 	0
tabloid 	0
unfunny and unoriginal mess 	0
with a lower i.q. than when i had entered 	0
we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is 	0
windshield 	1
self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 	0
how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence 	0
lurid and less than lucid work 	0
feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective 	1
hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny . 	0
sordid to function as comedy 	0
money-grubbing 	0
the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically 	1
gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day 	1
sets out to entertain 	1
terrifically 	1
this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . 	1
aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . 	0
bores 	0
stirs the emotions 	1
will turn bill paxton into an a-list director 	1
had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost 	0
extremely imaginative through out 	1
the urbane sweetness 	1
charming but slight tale 	1
is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it 	0
fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd 	1
a straight-ahead thriller that 	1
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence 	1
they engage and even touch us 	1
can trust 	1
misogynist evil 	0
into melancholia 	0
academy award 	1
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life 	1
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , 	0
revels in its own simplicity 	1
cheering 	1
title performance 	1
the dark visions already relayed by superb 	1
that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos 	1
an awkwardly garish showcase 	0
wanting more 	1
holds up well after two decades 	1
is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm 	1
the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making 	0
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing . 	1
to be favorably compared to das boot 	1
more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline 	0
a tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with . 	0
what 's so striking about jolie 's performance 	1
an amicable endeavor 	1
could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one 	1
good deal funnier 	1
animation back 30 years 	0
in the murk of its own making 	0
free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen 	0
this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking 	1
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- 	0
really long , slow and dreary time 	0
10-course banquet 	1
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source . 	0
where the film falters is in its tone . 	0
is a successful one 	1
several of steven soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . 	1
a monopoly on mindless action 	0
's just not very smart . 	0
the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . 	1
pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , 	1
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer . 	0
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks 	1
to have bitterly forsaken 	0
that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy 	0
thoughtful without having much dramatic impact 	0
as he creates 	1
gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel 	1
a fascinating character 's story 	1
could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls 	0
xxx 	0
enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary 	1
give performances of exceptional honesty 	1
than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level 	0
expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash . 	0
by that measure , it is a failure . 	0
because relatively nothing happens 	0
slightly humorous and tender 	1
unimaginatively 	0
for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works 	0
there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . 	1
demented 	0
falls apart 	0
humorless , 	0
holds you in rapt attention 	1
resuscitate 	1
bottom-rung 	0
bold by studio standards 	1
do n't come off 	0
are great rewards 	1
that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor 	0
neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm . 	1
funniest and most likeable movie 	1
confidently orchestrated 	1
because it made him feel powerful 	1
a thoughtful movie 	1
crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings 	1
creativity 	1
it 's just as wonderful on the big screen . 	1
a very funny , heartwarming film 	1
its extremely languorous rhythms , 	0
find much fascination in the swinging 	1
convincing characters 	1
scalds like acid 	0
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you . 	1
a colorful , joyous celebration 	1
dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect 	0
i will be . 	1
love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 	1
poorly staged 	0
are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls 	1
you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 	0
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message . 	1
important and exhilarating 	1
dignified ceo 	1
enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , 	1
you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe 	0
elegant technology for the masses -- 	1
a sermon for most of its running time 	0
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle 	1
's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor 	1
watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel 	0
resident 	1
have put together a bold biographical fantasia . 	1
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , 	0
, the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . 	1
leaving you 	0
ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining . 	1
ke 	1
stereotypes in good fun , 	1
( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic 	0
are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones 	1
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . 	0
a little too smugly 	0
high-concept 	1
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david 's point of view 	1
inviting 	1
been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again 	0
an exhilarating 	1
the observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony . 	1
to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 	0
is a heartfelt story 	1
it has a bigger-name cast 	1
, heartfelt 	1
as its own most damning censure 	0
enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	0
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one . 	0
a low-budget hybrid of scarface 	0
best achievements 	1
most delightful moments 	1
flick that scalds like acid 	0
with a sure and measured hand 	1
a ridiculous wig 	0
liking 	1
as steamy as last week 's pork dumplings . 	0
no level whatsoever 	0
, it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work . 	1
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . ' 	0
does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen 	0
only masochistic moviegoers 	0
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius 	0
could be considered a funny little film 	1
too much power , not enough puff 	0
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers 	1
seeing things from new sides 	1
, but i suspect it might deliver again and again 	1
the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion 	1
are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry . 	1
those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief 	1
do not fit 	0
elegantly balanced movie 	1
mushy , existential exploration 	0
the sheer ugliness 	0
illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in 	1
puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers . 	1
the gorgeous locales 	1
ended so damned 	0
a reasonably good time with the salton sea 	1
the sexuality 	1
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise . 	0
thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film 	1
executed it takes your breath away . 	1
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy . 	1
a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something 	0
negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking . 	1
this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all . 	1
its extraordinary intelligence and originality 	1
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers . 	0
with solid performances and eerie atmosphere 	1
considerable wit 	1
crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best 	1
elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy 	1
able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 	1
surprising , subtle turn 	1
this tale has been told and retold 	0
the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 	1
may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 	1
entirely stale 	0
joyous occasion 	1
quirky , fun , popcorn movies 	1
the worthy successor to a better tomorrow 	1
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right . 	1
from sharing the awe in which it holds itself 	0
witty and beneath 	1
for godard 	0
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race 	1
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess . 	0
an alluring backdrop 	1
gets a lot of flavor and spice 	1
compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air 	1
the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over 	0
whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	1
it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film . 	1
very bad scouse accents 	0
the tedium 	0
insightful moments 	1
than the very sluggish pace 	0
is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy 	0
an incredibly irritating comedy 	0
to see who can out-bad-act the other 	0
have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury 	1
unexpected comedy 	1
the best part about `` gangs '' was daniel day-lewis . 	1
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , 	0
mention `` solaris '' five years from now and 	0
made him a truly larger-than-life character 	1
human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film 	1
's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend 	0
business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen 	0
's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit 	0
the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness 	0
powerful direction 	1
on an irresistible , languid romanticism 	1
funny thrill 	1
tasteful , intelligent manner 	1
abrasive 	0
lead actress andie macdowell 	1
an interesting topic , 	1
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword 	1
most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version 	1
groan and hiss 	0
felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting 	1
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced 	0
best part 	1
feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing 	1
are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 	0
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations . 	0
simple message 	1
, stupid 	0
a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee 	1
woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back . 	1
more damning 	1
slow , predictable 	0
amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances . 	1
are such a companionable couple 	1
jolly 	1
entertaining itself 	1
a stunning new young talent 	1
the intoxicating fumes 	1
as funny 	1
wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair 	1
the crisp clarity of a fall dawn 	1
sensation 	1
presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future 	1
being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	0
female empowerment 	1
throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken . 	0
in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon 	1
a listless climb down the social ladder 	0
has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . ' 	1
makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering 	1
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing . 	0
has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate 	1
tnt 	1
minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy 	1
has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics . 	1
anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold 	1
in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets 	0
there 's no real sense of suspense , 	0
the emotional heart 	1
under its own thinness 	0
's coherent 	1
is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price 	0
erratic career 	0
visual gags 	0
bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star 	1
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . 	1
that matters 	1
is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey . 	1
the experience of staring at a blank screen 	0
a good match of the sensibilities of two directors 	1
little $ 1.8 million charmer 	1
is polanski 's best film . 	1
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies 	1
, i did n't care . 	0
too loud and 	0
most battered women 	0
appears not to have been edited at all 	0
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting . 	0
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and 	1
extensive post-production 	1
screen been so aggressively anti-erotic 	0
worthwhile 	1
is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world . 	1
to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie 	0
it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems . 	1
or worth rooting against , for that matter 	0
to get a coherent rhythm going 	0
far bigger , far more meaningful story 	1
as pleasantly 	1
feminist empowerment tale thinly 	0
you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century 	1
simple misfire 	0
a striking new significance for anyone 	1
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 	0
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength 	1
as sharp as the original 	1
by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 	1
a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling 	1
, naturally dramatic 	1
so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart 	1
berling and béart ... continue to impress , and isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters . 	1
as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is 	0
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is 	1
leaves you wanting more 	1
from this unimaginative comedian 	0
quasi-documentary 	1
very capable nailbiter 	1
repetitive and ragged 	0
ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . 	1
` swept away ' 	1
the canadian 's inane ramblings 	0
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming 	0
humane and important 	1
engaging as it is revealing 	1
beautifully 	1
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , 	1
is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull 	0
an all-around good time 	1
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment 	0
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family , 	1
instantly disposable 	0
the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 	1
is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches 	0
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . 	1
despite the efforts of a first-rate cast 	0
it thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice . 	1
to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting 	1
establishes a wonderfully creepy mood . 	1
that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks 	1
beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors 	1
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . 	0
has some of the best special effects 	1
that relies on more than special effects 	1
devoid of pleasure or sensuality 	0
i see this piece of crap again 	0
it 's pretty stupid . 	0
the film 's winning tone 	1
is a disaster , 	0
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged 	1
has worked wonders with the material . 	1
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book . 	0
far funnier 	1
by working girl scribe kevin wade 	0
inexpressible 	1
skilled 	1
any working class community 	1
gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good . 	0
store for unwary viewers 	0
if you like peace , you 'll like promises . 	1
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing . 	1
solo 	1
going where no man has gone before 	1
weak payoff 	0
as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious 	0
old enough to have developed some taste 	1
the film 's reach exceeds its grasp 	1
serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films . 	1
the movie 's seams may show ... 	0
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving 	0
endure instead of 	0
a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it 	1
american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 	0
being boring 	0
between the fantastic and the believable 	1
unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car 	0
's the very definition of epic adventure 	1
can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off 	0
captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower 	1
sweetly adventurous 	1
deftly entertaining film 	1
appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . 	1
edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 	0
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through . 	0
all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another 	0
becomes unwatchable 	0
( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and 	1
hip hop fantasy 	1
a minimalist beauty and 	1
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; 	0
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but 	1
direction and complete lack 	0
might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service 	0
a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia 	0
a frustrating misfire 	0
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` 	0
commander-in-chief 	1
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna . 	1
smartest 	1
there 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery . 	0
weepy 	0
ode to tackling life 's wonderment 	1
becomes predictably conventional . 	0
miller , kuras and the actresses 	1
first-class 	1
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams 	0
have a new favorite musical 	1
that is dark 	0
's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style . 	1
's as entertaining 	1
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents 	1
is cool . 	1
grows thin 	0
the absurdities and inconsistencies 	0
farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except 	0
and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range . 	1
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and 	1
be baffled 	0
the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) 	0
is of overwhelming waste 	0
schütte 's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close . 	1
very distinctive 	1
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , 	0
're in for a painful ride . 	0
fairly parochial melodrama 	0
a little weak 	0
overcomes its visual hideousness 	0
endearing 	1
a cheat in the end 	0
undercut 	0
whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action 	0
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , 	0
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess . 	0
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but 	1
maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score 	0
of the masterful british actor ian holm 	1
well-made and 	1
great over-the-top 	1
thought-provoking 	1
uncharted depths 	1
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history . 	1
our respect 	1
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey 	0
in this summer 's new action film 	1
his is an interesting character 	1
with unlikable , spiteful idiots 	0
although purportedly a study in modern alienation 	0
the movie landscape 	1
's fairly lame , 	0
a ripping good yarn 	1
smart and complicated 	1
is less compelling than the circumstances of its making 	0
dead-undead genre 	0
ache 	0
the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women 	1
trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness . 	1
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets . 	0
informative and 	1
these guys ' superhuman capacity 	1
fearlessness 	1
surprisingly anemic disappointment 	0
jaw-droppingly superficial 	0
proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business 	1
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot 	0
wildcard 	0
continue to impress 	1
woo 	1
deliberately and devotedly constructed 	1
, you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party . 	0
an inexplicable nightmare 	0
could very well clinch him this year 's razzie 	0
the six-time winner 	1
a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 	1
tries for more . 	0
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement . 	1
with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story 	1
light enough 	1
in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate 	1
's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness 	0
at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema 	1
showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again . 	0
just the right tone 	1
god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . 	0
pretty damned wonderful 	1
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , 	0
even the corniest and most hackneyed 	0
's not too much of anything 	0
implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying 	0
hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary 	1
liveliness 	1
show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations 	1
a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire 	1
peaked about three years ago 	1
like 	1
it 's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . 	0
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , 	0
potentially interesting idea 	1
shoot something on crummy-looking videotape 	0
two fatal ailments -- 	0
dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell . 	1
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure 	1
safe as a children 's film 	1
highlighted 	1
dull , somnambulant exercise 	0
the ridiculous dialog or 	0
intimate and panoramic . 	1
'll only put you to sleep 	0
sentimental cliches 	0
, despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste 	0
resorts to easy feel-good sentiments 	1
shining star 	1
does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past 	1
the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut . 	1
ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences 	1
stupid sequel 	0
recreating it an in an african idiom 	1
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : 	1
even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy 	0
been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos 	0
a great story 	1
guilty-pleasure 	1
a markedly inactive film , city 	0
somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks . 	1
to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish 	0
has its faults 	0
despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun . 	1
smart and newfangled 	1
loneliness 	0
get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized . 	0
asset 	1
a very sincere work 	1
an impressive job 	1
bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma . 	1
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but 	1
come to earth 	1
wasting away inside unnecessary films 	0
, it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films . 	1
ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego 	1
you leaving the theater with a smile on your face 	1
a warm and well-told tale 	1
failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness 	0
it 's impossible to care 	0
graceless and ugly 	0
ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material 	0
has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 	1
of the all-time great apocalypse movies 	1
fairly solid -- not to mention 	1
's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 	1
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but 	1
the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality . 	0
memories of rollerball 	1
do well to cram earplugs in their ears 	0
old-fashioned themes 	1
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed 	0
, funny and touching 	1
, refreshingly , 	1
pushes its agenda too forcefully 	0
the heart of the film 	1
the whole dead-undead genre 	0
onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 	0
a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations 	1
this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot . 	0
provocative material 	1
relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial 	1
you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty 	1
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece 	1
all but spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role . 	1
a bunch of talented thesps 	1
mr. deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy . 	1
, heartwarming yarn 	1
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic . 	0
this is the ultimate movie experience 	1
stop buying tickets 	0
at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face . 	1
nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction 	0
's provocative stuff 	1
their super-powers , their super-simple animation 	0
that soars above the material realm 	1
's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit 	0
gorgeously elaborate continuation 	1
knows everything and answers all questions 	1
besides its terrific performances 	1
of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled 	0
feels shrill , simple and soapy . 	0
is highly pleasurable 	1
make the film more silly than scary 	0
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations 	0
lovely trifle 	1
are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug . 	0
's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages . 	1
a strong script , powerful direction and 	1
real americans 	1
the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen . 	0
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images . 	1
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling 	1
you would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit . 	1
company once again dazzle and delight us 	1
want to watch 	1
's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth 	1
for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride 	1
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit 	1
the stories are quietly moving . 	1
endless exposition 	0
carries you along in a torrent of emotion 	1
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role 	1
adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining 	1
are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination 	1
making his wife look so bad in a major movie 	0
and mawkish dialogue 	0
is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness . 	0
polished 	1
harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore . 	0
too much time 	0
from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply 	1
almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell 	0
a generational signpost 	1
for bad movies 	0
... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint . 	1
depleted 	0
clichéd and shallow cautionary tale 	0
is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals . 	1
deliver a great story 	1
shiri is a must for genre fans . 	1
any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one 	0
over-the-top , and amateurish . 	0
since its poignancy hooks us completely 	1
the worst elements 	0
uneasy mix 	0
is the opposite of a truly magical movie 	0
notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should . 	1
an above-average thriller 	1
what little grace ( rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics . 	0
, and even touching 	1
which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state 	1
is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	1
the edge 	1
the highest and the performances 	1
worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances 	0
fast-moving and cheerfully 	1
are more involving than this mess 	0
every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- 	1
once again that he 's the best brush in the business 	1
for the earnest emotional core 	1
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative 	1
warmth 	1
barbershop so likable 	1
unfunny phonce 	0
like a student film 	0
seem so real 	1
meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . 	1
crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing . 	1
bourgeois french society 	1
takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance 	0
for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all 	1
stubbornly refused to gel 	0
the crassness 	0
wartime 	0
quite frankly , i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . 	0
visible enthusiasm 	1
undeniably worthy and devastating experience 	1
visually ugly 	0
find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter 	0
underconfident 	0
return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages . 	1
dawns , comic relief 	1
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and 	0
crass , low-wattage 	0
a cleverly 	1
'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies 	0
accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	1
covers this territory with wit and originality 	1
if you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with jason x. 	1
wind 	1
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . ' 	1
most entertaining 	1
, more playful tone 	1
of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress 	0
the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry 	1
to view one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy 	1
real emotional impact 	1
cinematic razzle-dazzle 	1
vastly improved 	1
by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 	1
to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it 	0
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in ( the characters ' ) misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it . 	0
much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . 	0
, first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer . 	1
is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film 	0
remarkable performance 	1
deft and subtle poetry 	1
really tells the tale 	1
an astonishingly witless script 	0
with his fake backdrops and stately pacing 	0
will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 	1
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process . 	1
feels rigged and sluggish 	0
its standard formula 	0
a pretty woman 	1
the insipid script 	0
concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt . 	0
unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow . 	1
vacant 	0
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot 	0
are often more predictable than their consequences 	0
a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text 	0
partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success 	0
impressive 	1
the sexy razzle-dazzle 	1
yet feels universal 	1
, well-shaped dramas 	1
human nature should be ingratiating 	0
until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations 	0
most wondrous love story 	1
perfection 	1
, uplifting and moving 	1
is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish . 	0
ordinary 	0
that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own 	1
runs around and acts like a doofus 	0
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché . 	0
a hilarious adventure 	1
put together with the preteen boy in mind 	0
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record . 	1
feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 	0
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia 	1
so dull 	0
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please 	0
loved this film . 	1
moviegoing pleasures 	1
so muddled , repetitive and ragged 	0
be sensational 	1
of its attractive young leads 	1
manipulation , 	0
everlasting 	1
none-too-funny 	0
one step further 	1
the wobbly premise work 	0
a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame 	0
stays with you long after you have left the theater 	1
been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle 	0
a group of talented friends 	1
valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view 	1
is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer . 	1
to split up so that it can do even more damage 	0
about the filmmaker 's characteristic style 	1
fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement 	1
of other , better movies 	0
is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer . 	0
ol' 	1
a journey 	1
know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . 	1
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero 	1
at least funny 	1
the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going 	0
was better than saving private ryan 	1
that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	1
the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés 	0
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out 	0
a good fight 	1
flagrantly fake thunderstorms 	0
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse 	0
to rival gosford park 's 	1
an unsettling sight , 	0
imagine the cleanflicks version of ` love story , ' with ali macgraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes . 	0
repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue 	0
a handful of virtuosic set pieces 	1
best animated 	1
with zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies 	0
one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists 	1
the film , like jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs . 	0
utterly painful to watch 	0
refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 	0
credit director ramsay 	1
a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances 	1
best and most exciting 	1
is hell . 	0
one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels 	0
a top-notch cast 	1
fanciful direction 	1
bland actors 	0
he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego 	0
a beautiful , aching sadness to it all 	1
theological 	1
10,000 	1
based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 	1
most pleasurable expressions 	1
fully forgotten 	0
top-notch british actor 	1
of flat champagne 	0
old pickup skidding 	0
here of a director enjoying himself immensely 	1
own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute 	1
fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more 	0
is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family 	1
eloquent language 	1
subtle , humorous , illuminating study 	1
same stuff 	0
real magic , perhaps 	1
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion . 	1
an original idea for a teen movie 	1
can you bear the laughter ? 	1
the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all 	0
lovely film 	1
the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had 	0
that their charm does n't do a load of good 	0
for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations 	0
might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc 	0
weak and ineffective 	0
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow . 	1
as much of a mess as this one 	0
is almost in a class with that of wilde 	1
mostly fool 's 	0
with honest performances and exceptional detail 	1
excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope 	1
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : 	0
is never quite able 	0
that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 	1
smug and convoluted 	0
's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again 	1
a historically significant work 	1
will talk about for hours 	1
plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family . 	1
it worth checking out at theaters 	1
if they looked at how this movie turned out 	0
quite a bit of heart , 	1
slump 	0
of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters 	0
director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc . 	1
my greatest pictures , 	1
ill at ease sharing the same scene 	0
that crawls along at a snail 's pace 	0
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience . 	0
, starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 	1
been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode 	1
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion . 	0
without any redeeming value whatsoever . 	0
hilariously , 	1
it 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters . 	0
sounds like horrible poetry . 	0
the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius 	1
its storytelling prowess 	1
regret 	0
of dramatic interest 	1
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes 	1
about the best straight-up 	1
by a sloppy script 	0
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started 	0
being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks 	0
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , 	1
is n't breaking new ground 	0
the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series . 	0
i have a new favorite musical -- and i 'm not even a fan of the genre 	1
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi 	0
to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop 	1
offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect 	1
epic 	1
pleasant , diverting and modest 	1
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers . 	1
, delicate treatment 	1
're drawn in by the dark luster 	1
to face frightening late fees 	0
depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved 	0
a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	0
with guardian hack nick davies 	0
emotional edge 	1
one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . 	1
suffered through the horrible pains of a death 	0
alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music 	1
slack and 	0
intelligence and intensity 	1
, claustrophobic 	0
a certain sexiness 	1
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough 	1
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive 	0
mind-destroying 	0
be intimate and socially encompassing 	1
gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be 	0
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz . 	0
is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways 	0
more confident 	1
to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 	0
some delightful work 	1
to cheap manipulation or corny conventions 	0
is still good fun . 	1
a few evocative images 	1
hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 	0
whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character 	1
look bad 	0
doze off 	0
this film 's cast is uniformly superb 	1
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts . 	1
unlimited access 	1
mishandled 	0
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views . 	1
is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs 	0
septic tank 	0
to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic 	0
object to the idea of a vietnam picture 	0
adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying 	1
wo n't like looking at it 	0
spare dialogue and acute expressiveness 	1
i have given it a one-star rating 	0
to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society 	1
it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur . 	1
of warmth , color and cringe 	1
though i could not stand them 	0
jagger , stoppard and director michael apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride . 	1
is tuned in to its community 	1
empowerment movie 	1
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh 	1
ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city . 	1
learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy 	1
from the brave , uninhibited performances 	1
well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . 	1
that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for 	1
old-hat 	0
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest . 	1
decent ` intro ' documentary 	1
point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets 	1
hypertime in reverse 	0
of building to a laugh riot 	1
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients . 	1
up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action 	0
fresh , unforced naturalism 	1
the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease 	1
... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 	0
stylish tracking shots 	1
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash . 	0
a smart , provocative drama 	1
his ( nelson 's ) screenplay 	1
its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway 	0
sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm 	0
turns into an ocean of trouble 	0
20th anniversary edition 	1
gentle and 	1
it 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . 	0
brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth 	1
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse 	1
sometimes just lapses into unhidden british 	0
nasty comedy 	0
that rare documentary that incorporates so much 	1
loaded with good intentions 	1
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just 	0
here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix . 	1
genre thrills 	1
have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one 	1
, fun , popcorn movies 	1
the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . 	1
thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable . 	1
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death . 	1
clever adaptation 	1
the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	1
most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing 	1
is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . 	0
have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 	1
can see without feeling embarrassed 	1
repetitive and 	0
really good 	1
that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 	1
of the best 	1
vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse 	0
light treat 	1
spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications 	1
see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good 	1
enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little 	1
powerful sequel 	1
the sulking , moody male hustler 	0
without being forceful , sad without being shrill 	1
in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee 	0
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , 	1
mob 	0
bad blend 	0
without much interest in the elizabethans 	0
the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- 	1
a gobbler like this 	1
fairly uneventful and 	0
kathy baker 's creepy turn 	0
writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction 	1
too stagey , 	0
a wildly inventive mixture 	1
into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness 	1
recycled more times 	0
stunt-hungry dimwits 	0
someone understands the need for the bad boy 	1
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces . 	1
thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice . 	1
's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture 	0
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . 	1
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes 	0
worst elements 	0
is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded 	0
do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material . 	0
the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type 	1
creatively stillborn 	0
horrified 	0
be played out in any working class community in the nation 	1
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional 	1
the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured 	0
elevate `` glory '' 	1
the metaphors are provocative , 	1
drek 	0
to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama 	1
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction 	0
are also some startling , surrealistic moments 	1
weirdly beautiful place 	1
's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff 	0
is definitely worth seeing . 	1
too much like a fragment of an underdone potato 	0
painfully bad 	0
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles 	0
decent but dull . 	0
for the playlist 	0
tells a fascinating , compelling story . 	1
stale and clichéd to a fault . 	0
is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs 	1
far-flung , illogical , and 	0
prepare to marvel again 	1
uneven movie 	0
delightful work 	1
brought something fresher to the proceedings 	1
is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans 	1
worthy 	1
your idea of a good time 	1
it is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure ! 	0
the ridiculous bolero 	0
a sugar-coated rocky 	0
a snail 's pace 	0
it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time 	1
emotional heart 	1
every cheesy scene 	0
supposedly , pokemon ca n't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over 	0
genial is the conceit , 	0
's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe 	1
a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place 	1
his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- 	0
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there 's very little hustling on view . 	0
you feel good , you feel sad 	1
a lot of charm 	1
a visionary 	1
short on larger moralistic consequences 	0
as dreadful 	0
does n't make any sense 	0
... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games . 	1
with originality 	1
flounders under the weight of too many story lines . 	0
pathetic junk 	0
you might as well be watching it through a telescope 	0
are natural and lovely 	1
laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor 	1
absorbing , 	1
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s . 	1
feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . 	0
there surrender $ 9 	0
is , however , 	1
it 's tough to watch 	0
an inhalant blackout 	0
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film . 	1
, worse yet , nonexistent -- 	0
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . 	1
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise . 	1
dreaming up romantic comedies 	1
it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality 	0
with a tale full of nuance and character dimension 	1
is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation 	1
otherwise dull 	0
smart and 	1
, but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity 	1
deviant 	0
you leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing . 	0
may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick 	0
he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 	0
do it his own way 	1
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability . 	0
found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going 	0
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers 	1
it 's still a comic book , 	0
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this 	0
whose cumulative effect is chilling 	1
have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again 	0
the director at his most sparkling 	1
a fine cast 	1
suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . 	0
tendency 	1
without shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish . 	0
quite good 	1
feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 	0
it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film 	1
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , 	0
the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph 	1
talent and wit 	1
savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed 	0
as it is repetitious 	0
a fresh point of view 	1
a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth 	1
a weepy melodrama 	0
its initial excitement 	1
that efforts toward closure only open new wounds 	0
of holes and completely lacking in chills 	0
can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline 	1
masterpeice 	1
wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	1
that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long 	0
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness . 	1
its effectiveness 	1
its funny , moving yarn 	1
is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . 	0
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive . 	0
a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish 	1
most mornings 	1
at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i 	0
you feel pissed off 	0
version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip 	0
wan 	0
and well-made entertainment 	1
heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start 	1
's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today . 	1
honesty and dignity 	1
deep vein 	0
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot 	1
the screenplay falls somewhat short 	0
misguided 	0
highly watchable , giggly little story 	1
repulsive and 	0
a ragbag 	0
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart . 	1
is a little scattered -- ditsy 	0
a step further , richer and deeper 	1
himself a deft pace master and stylist 	1
to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching 	1
smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like 	0
that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while 	1
its sweeping battle scenes 	1
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- 	0
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic 	1
flawed but 	0
disappoint 	0
enhancing 	1
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout 	1
flowering 	1
is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings 	1
well-formed satire 	1
with considerable appeal 	1
by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent 	0
e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone . 	1
the great pity 	0
sing beautifully and act adequately . 	1
for damon/bourne or his predicament 	1
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field 	1
in a superficial way , while never sure 	0
any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future 	0
greatest pictures 	1
what makes the movie fresh 	1
in a giant pile of elephant feces 	0
crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book 	1
is beyond playing fair with the audience 	0
something 's horribly wrong 	0
this gets us in trouble 	0
should pay reparations to viewers . 	0
, byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . 	1
know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again 	1
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day . 	1
1987 	1
no more 	0
elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world 	1
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow 	0
plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 	0
yarn-spinner 	0
's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it 	0
the biggest names in japanese anime , 	1
easy , cynical potshots 	0
shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions 	1
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment . 	0
the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed 	0
through love 	1
the values of knowledge , education , and the 	1
attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel 	0
i like this movie a lot . 	1
mystic 	1
it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 	1
the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs 	0
neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present 	1
the movie is a desperate miscalculation . 	0
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ... life . 	1
a battle between bug-eye theater and dead-eye matinee . 	0
avert our eyes 	0
assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height 	0
asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in . 	0
temperamental child 	0
presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier 	0
energy it 's documenting 	1
precisely 	1
i 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . 	1
curious 	1
grisly and engagingly quixotic 	1
reached its expiration date 	0
offering next to little insight 	0
be lulled into a coma 	0
's certainly an honest attempt to get at something 	1
is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn . 	1
should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters 	1
a brilliant piece of filmmaking 	1
, this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . 	1
the lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired . 	0
supermarket tabloids 	0
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . 	1
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion . 	0
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better 	0
does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it . 	0
dead-end 	0
rough-trade homo-eroticism 	0
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles . 	1
( macdowell ) ventures beyond her abilities 	1
unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism 	0
could rent the original and get the same love story and parable 	0
toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater 	0
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations 	0
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle 	0
tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus 	1
sensual delights and simmering 	1
their natural instinct for self-preservation 	1
what bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie 	1
on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged 	0
only makeup-deep 	0
its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen 	1
is unfocused , 	0
in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 	0
` martin lawrence live ' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 	0
touching 	1
more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story 	0
with this masterful , flawless film , ( wang ) emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 	1
has made tucker a star 	1
just offbeat 	0
own cuteness 	1
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point 	0
leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an 	0
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters . 	0
uptight , middle 	0
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief 	1
that you had already seen that movie 	0
layers 	1
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and 	0
, pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 	0
full , chilling advantage 	1
better than the fiction 	1
deserves to be seen everywhere 	1
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep . 	1
for every taste 	1
meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots . 	0
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic . 	1
pack some serious suspense 	1
viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle 	0
... has a pleasing way with a metaphor . 	1
is superficial 	0
is a movie you can trust . 	1
succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them . 	1
unstoppable 	1
this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out 	1
the fun of toy story 2 	1
in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . 	0
honest performances 	1
hole-ridden 	0
who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	0
is pleasant enough 	1
... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . 	0
geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 	1
a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state 	0
does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 	0
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react 	1
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions . 	1
of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes 	1
the results are far more alienating than involving . 	0
a hit 	1
sit in neutral 	0
ultimately hollow mockumentary 	0
irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere 	0
radical '' or `` suck '' 	0
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . 	0
call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace 	0
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded 	1
of a brutal mid 	0
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but 	0
the characters seem one-dimensional , and 	0
fun part 	1
imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful 	0
beautifully read and , finally , 	1
it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . 	0
hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now . 	0
... visually striking and slickly staged 	1
is hereby given fair warning . 	0
morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 	0
, crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction . 	0
unblinkingly pure as the hours 	1
feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . 	0
with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names . 	0
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff . 	1
a processed comedy chop suey . 	0
manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks 	1
did not figure out a coherent game 	0
, every shot enhances the excellent performances 	1
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way . 	1
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering . 	0
is so different from the apple and so striking 	1
is all too predictable and far too cliched 	0
hate 	0
we 've seen it all before in one form or another , 	0
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro 	1
it 's a very valuable film ... 	1
rashomon-for-dipsticks 	0
insane comic undertaking 	1
clear sense 	1
performance - ahem 	0
fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 	0
the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and 	1
so successful at lodging itself in the brain 	1
wickedly funny and just plain wicked 	1
... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . 	0
can be a bit repetitive 	0
deliberate laughs 	1
possibly the best actor working in movies today 	1
no charm , no laughs , no fun , 	0
perfectly formed 	1
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction 	0
that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them 	1
's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 	0
is hypnotic 	1
( shyamalan ) continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . 	1
starving and 	0
, charismatic and tragically 	1
of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy 	0
wit or innovation 	1
that only seems to care about the bottom line 	0
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing . 	1
come away from his film overwhelmed , 	1
the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop . 	1
he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . 	1
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption 	1
a stirring road movie . 	1
certain 	1
a lumbering load 	0
if you 're up for that sort of thing 	1
there are a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall . 	1
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman . ' 	1
they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail . 	0
consumed and forgotten 	0
after drinking twelve beers 	0
it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 	0
a big fat pain . 	0
need of a scented bath 	0
that has no point and goes nowhere 	0
their enthusiasm 	1
be very sweet 	1
smarter and subtler 	1
`` the best disney movie 	1
a sour little movie 	0
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem . 	1
a showcase 	1
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel . 	0
stands as one of the great films about movie love 	1
grant is certainly amusing 	1
a genial romance 	1
unimaginative and derivative 	0
the cheap 	0
a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine . 	1
full-bodied wit 	1
modestly made 	1
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping . 	1
the creative act 	1
bravura 	1
so real 	1
despite its shortcomings , girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . 	1
is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	0
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters 	1
it just zings along with vibrance and warmth . 	1
' should never have been brought out of hibernation 	0
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein 's brain . 	0
dreary expanse 	0
a relationship that is worthy of our respect 	1
the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing . 	1
's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf 	0
astoundingly rich 	1
, there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy 	0
devotees 	1
by amateurish 	0
feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow 	1
about whose fate it is hard to care 	0
just another teen movie , 	0
pitifully few real laughs 	0
, double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action 	1
has done excellent work here 	1
defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 	0
` it 's just a kids ' flick 	0
evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction 	1
better characters 	1
few nonbelievers 	1
simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . 	0
the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was 	0
there is precious little of either . 	0
you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie 	0
feels at odds with the rest of the film . 	0
plan to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' 	1
in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast 	1
weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise 	1
fuelled devito 's early work 	1
make up for a derivative plot 	1
to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident 	0
is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 	1
a real charmer 	1
convinced 	1
as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points 	0
elegant 	1
short of true inspiration 	1
whimsy 	1
one decent performance 	1
really solid performances 	1
in and of himself funny 	1
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . 	1
wins still 	1
insipid , brutally clueless film 	0
refreshingly natural 	1
that it comes off as annoying rather than charming 	0
frame one 	1
the problems of fledgling democracies 	0
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters 	1
i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener 	0
manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography 	1
the love of family 	1
it 's unnerving suspense 	1
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch . 	1
with more emotional force than any other recent film 	1
the bread , 	1
best comedy concert movie 	1
a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 	0
an unsympathetic character and someone 	0
is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers 	0
shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team 	1
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 	0
flawless 	1
headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito 	0
american blockbusters 	1
too long 	0
lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction 	0
secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie . 	1
puzzling than unsettling 	0
a surprisingly funny movie . 	1
the edge of sanity 	0
with roussillon providing comic relief 	1
perceptive , good-natured 	1
stock situations and characters 	0
not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at . 	0
increasingly diverse 	0
stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore . 	0
tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ? 	1
enjoy the film 	1
an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer 	0
wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 	0
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly 	1
engages us in constant fits of laughter , 	1
imaginative as one might have hoped 	1
duly impressive in imax dimensions 	1
that fails to make adequate 	0
compelling film . 	1
he 's not good with people . 	0
might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ? 	0
world-renowned 	1
hollywood frightfest 	0
to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation 	1
, you 're engulfed by it . 	1
pushed into the margins 	0
doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents 	0
a vision both painterly and literary 	1
rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations 	0
quick-witted 	1
killer 	0
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes 	1
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky 	1
something different 	1
, unlikeable people 	0
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding 	1
, crisp storytelling 	1
do the genial-rogue shtick to death 	0
revelatory and narcissistic 	0
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other john woo flick for that matter . 	0
like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings 	1
there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable 	0
to refresh our souls 	1
is one of those rare pictures 	1
emotionally desiccated 	0
when it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . 	0
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller 	1
an unsophisticated 	0
is n't much to it 	0
overboard 	0
zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , 	0
magnetic performance 	1
first full flush 	1
when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic . 	1
its courage , ideas , 	1
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating 	0
are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition . 	1
enormously entertaining movie 	1
, occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film 	1
by a lackluster script and substandard performances 	0
stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold 	0
failing , ultimately 	0
woefully dull 	0
in the business 	1
real snooze . 	0
far more energy 	1
wilde 's droll whimsy 	1
of the great minds of our times 	1
one arresting image 	1
what makes it worth the trip to the theater 	1
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time 	1
absurd , 	0
emotional comfort 	1
been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip 	1
stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor 	0
all the wiggling energy 	1
is his best film yet 	1
back with the astonishing revelation 	1
dragged on 	0
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide . 	1
forgettably 	0
your indifference 	0
obnoxious comedy 	0
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as 	1
, lan yu never catches dramatic fire . 	0
nothing about this movie 	0
leaves blue crush waterlogged 	0
as the synergistic impulse that created it 	1
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... 	1
it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness 	0
's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead 	0
attractive and talented actors 	1
is rotten in the state of california 	0
lurches between not-very-funny comedy 	0
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , 	1
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film . 	0
a grating , 	0
poignant and delicately complex . 	1
the wise , wizened visitor 	1
wit and dignity 	1
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily . 	0
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture 	1
what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision 	1
lovely and beautifully 	1
be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act 	1
so much leniency 	0
simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 	1
good idea 	1
a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 	1
, you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . 	1
had all its vital essence scooped out and 	0
you 're a comic fan 	1
way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time 	0
up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking 	1
conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 	1
so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	1
no special effects , and no hollywood endings 	0
the more hackneyed elements of the film 	0
hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie 	0
energy and imagination 	1
melodramatic paranormal romance 	0
another smash 	1
whiny pouty-lipped poof 	0
more tiring than anything 	0
is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit . 	1
special 	1
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , 	0
it 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ... 	0
horror 	0
dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year 	1
paints - of a culture in conflict with itself 	0
between the artificial structure 	0
the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 	1
heartwarming yarn 	1
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake . 	1
intensely romantic 	1
the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects 	0
three splendid actors 	1
is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace 	1
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience . 	1
thoroughly enjoyable 	1
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series 	0
the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed . 	0
to `` interesting '' 	1
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style 	1
fine-looking 	1
losin ' his fan base 	0
marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it 	1
engrossing story 	1
( the leads ) are such a companionable couple 	1
make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book 	1
you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . 	0
buoyant , expressive 	1
watch the film twice 	1
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art . 	0
loopy and 	0
a touching reflection 	1
while some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work . 	0
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . ' 	1
a clever script and skilled actors 	1
this flat effort 	0
watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 	1
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and 	1
who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia 	0
have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense 	0
that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater 	1
the most edgy piece of disney animation 	1
in the right place 	1
really get weird , though not particularly scary 	0
sweet , even delectable 	1
as part of mr. dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair . 	1
performances , great to look at , and funny 	1
it never comes close to being either funny or scary 	0
predictable rehash 	0
a movie of technical skill and rare depth 	1
the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny 	1
so cold and dead 	0
of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs 	1
, soar . 	1
made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience 	1
politics , power and 	1
too erotic nor 	0
is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking 	1
stupid 	0
is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers . 	1
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective . 	1
wondering why these people mattered 	0
the titillating material 	1
infidelity 	0
enjoyably 	1
no good answer to that one 	0
be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	1
's pure entertainment 	1
to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage 	0
grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces . 	0
is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence 	0
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché . 	0
constantly touching 	1
having a nightmare about bad cinema 	0
bratty for sympathy 	0
an entertaining documentary 	1
striking , quietly vulnerable personality 	1
worse than you can imagine 	0
compassion , good-natured 	1
that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	0
deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still 	1
is japanese and yet feels universal 	1
most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors 	0
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale 	1
is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence 	1
a good movie ye 	1
this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 	1
just do n't work in concert . 	0
it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain 	0
finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson . 	1
of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this 	0
the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy . 	0
cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments 	0
a weird , arresting little ride . 	1
much more than 	1
really goes downhill . 	0
a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 	0
ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine 	1
any art-house moviegoer 	1
more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . 	1
their story is predictable 	0
humorless 	0
misses 	0
ingenue 	1
from a bad clive barker movie 	0
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and 	1
an unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage . 	1
the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones 	1
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic 	0
ultimately purposeless 	0
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . 	0
more intimate than spectacular , e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 	1
one of the funniest motion 	1
remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it 	0
as unblinkingly pure as the hours 	0
` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary . 	1
half-hearted 	0
padded 	0
walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity 	0
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat 	0
a dime 	1
kiddie fantasy pablum 	0
of overwhelming waste 	0
by the pathetic idea 	0
airy cinematic bon bons 	1
sure to ultimately disappoint the action 	0
's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull 	0
in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism 	1
stunning 	1
dripping with cliche 	0
warm as it is wise 	1
, the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability 	0
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but 	0
wewannour money back , 	0
as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day 	0
a chance to learn , to grow , to travel 	1
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending . 	0
volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness 	1
sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature 	0
warm and well-told 	1
what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling 	0
mired in tear-drenched quicksand 	0
that is actually funny with the material 	1
narrative continuity 	1
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin 	0
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , 	0
a canny crowd pleaser , and 	1
a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern 	1
so watchable 	1
stunning animation 	1
the dog from snatch ) 	0
great marching bands 	1
absolutely amazing 	1
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth . 	0
successful 	1
no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 	0
esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating . 	0
the touch is generally light enough and 	1
unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear 	1
plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither 	0
has some nice twists but the ending 	1
washington has a sure hand . 	1
a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	0
wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	0
very good film 	1
more curious 	1
liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive 	1
less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series . 	0
ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away 	1
few movies have ever approached 	1
a thoroughly awful movie -- 	0
springing 	1
bigger than yourself 	1
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and 	0
a wonderful account to work from 	1
there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	0
turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny . 	1
lil bow wow takes the cake 	1
dismally dull sci-fi comedy 	0
denouement 	0
still want my money back . 	0
has a tired , talky feel . 	0
and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence . 	1
from japan 	1
knows how a daily grind can kill love 	1
an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson . 	0
it aims so low 	0
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof . 	0
told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing . 	1
big , dumb action movie 	0
lip-reading 	0
audacity and openness 	1
enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies 	1
one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	1
to like 	1
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk 	0
morally bankrupt characters 	0
, overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary . 	1
you 're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic . 	0
exhilarating documentary 	1
intentionally low 	0
creepy crawlies 	0
loud , witless mess 	0
to accomplish 	1
when cares melted away in the dark theater 	1
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . 	1
a dud 	0
sappy situations and dialogue 	0
entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment 	1
adorably whimsical comedy 	1
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs 	0
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots . 	0
expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness 	0
how pertinent its dynamics remain 	1
includes too much obvious padding . 	0
becomes predictably conventional 	0
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish 	0
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality . 	0
a story for more than four minutes 	0
hip-hop indie snipes 	1
trifling 	0
may be the performances of their careers 	1
from a faraway planet 	1
one of the most repellent things 	0
would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 	0
tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship 	1
a powerful sequel and one 	1
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , 	1
uproarious humor 	1
deft punctuation 	1
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time 	1
reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon 	0
is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies . 	0
it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 	1
could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life 	0
laugh because he acts so goofy all the time 	1
oversexed 	0
it gets old quickly . 	0
peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth 	0
the four feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes . 	1
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and 	1
of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design 	1
forefront 	1
be most in the mind of the killer 	1
stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony 	0
a celebration 	1
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . 	0
flat and uncreative 	0
oo many of these gross 	0
like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish 	1
i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time . 	0
a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same 	1
frailty fascinates 	1
a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome 	0
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson ... 	1
remains brightly optimistic 	1
worth your time 	1
rooting for the monsters in a horror movie 	0
still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable 	1
, everything else about the film tanks . 	0
as overbearing and over-the-top as the family 	0
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman 	0
a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable 	1
, shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . 	1
a bland murder-on-campus 	0
the artwork 	1
a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic 	0
, the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament . 	1
even the corniest 	0
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ... 	1
has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs 	1
its beautiful women 	1
wretchedly 	0
you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow 	0
clever scripting solutions 	1
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation . 	1
late fees 	0
is uniformly superb 	1
fails at both endeavors 	0
convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking 	0
siren 	0
to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something 	0
from a bygone era 	0
, the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake . 	1
one of french cinema 's master craftsmen 	1
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary . 	1
suspenseful cliché 	1
during the tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` chan moment ' . 	0
should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn 	0
most virtuous limits 	1
something goes bump in the night and nobody cares 	0
puzzle his most ardent fans . 	0
a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them 	0
to our basest desires 	1
a black hole 	0
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions 	1
comic energy 	1
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure 	1
excites the imagination 	1
inauthentic at its core 	0
remain an unchanged dullard 	0
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was 	0
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , 	1
a suspenseful spin 	1
of an underdone potato 	0
get more re-creations of all those famous moments 	1
real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires 	1
the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together . 	1
good guys 	1
it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . 	0
very expressive 	1
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , 	1
said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women 	1
a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series . 	0
ghastly 	0
a nightmare about bad cinema 	0
, gangs excels in spectacle and pacing . 	1
the film operates nicely off the element of surprise 	1
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew 	1
to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot 	0
the third feels limited by its short running time 	0
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . 	0
that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in 	0
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery 	0
going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 	0
, by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care 	0
berling and béart ... continue to impress , 	1
, comfortable 	1
gets old 	0
as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die 	1
of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 	1
for something new 	1
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , 	0
simply a re-hash of the other seven films . 	0
when none of them are ever any good 	0
tired , talky 	0
's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 	1
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy 	1
engaging simplicity 	1
strong and convincing 	1
'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment 	0
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them . 	1
for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 	0
but the actors make this worth a peek . 	1
a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 	0
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema . 	0
's the butt of its own joke 	0
a masterpiece -- 	1
a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder 	1
a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force 	1
clichés and mawkish dialogue 	0
a tragic dimension and 	0
deathly slow to any teen 	0
annoyed 	0
any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling 	1
maybe twice ) 	1
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . 	1
remarkably unpretentious 	1
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke . 	1
funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful 	1
it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 	1
that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album 	0
a work of extraordinary journalism , but 	1
worked against the maker 's minimalist intent 	0
spirals downward , and 	0
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds 	1
full 	1
it goes further than both 	1
more than a whiff 	1
more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . 	0
k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . 	1
because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him 	0
generic thriller junk . 	0
no fun 	0
joyous communal festival 	1
a simple premise 	0
you would n't turn down a big bowl of that 	1
fearlessly 	1
that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy 	1
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent . 	1
a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet 	1
the film 's lack of personality 	0
subtly kinky bedside vigils and 	1
auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance 	1
hard to resist . 	1
bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story 	0
more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex 	1
of purpose and even-handedness 	1
any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 	0
the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	1
are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma 	1
, the film does hold up pretty well . 	1
one ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album . 	0
yet surprisingly entertaining 	1
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . 	1
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it . 	1
of a sleeper success 	1
being real 	1
that made a walk to remember a niche hit 	1
rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season 	1
at once visceral and spiritual , 	1
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness 	0
overstays 	0
as an actor 's showcase 	1
dressed up this little parable 	1
an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing 	1
the nerve-raked acting , 	0
top-notch action powers this romantic drama 	1
is n't merely offensive 	0
unlikable 	0
... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did i miss something ? '' 	0
without any of the pretension associated with the term 	1
rent those movies instead , 	0
is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever 	0
vulgar , sexist 	0
very difficult 	0
is so incredibly inane 	0
brash and mainly unfunny 	0
convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers 	0
directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 	0
ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way 	0
misconceived final 	0
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating . 	0
journey into a philosophical void 	1
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict . 	0
where their heads were is anyone 's guess . 	0
humor and a heartfelt conviction 	1
for the best 	1
of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence 	0
bug-eyed mugging 	0
two dimension tale 	1
friends will be friends through thick and thin 	1
sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 	0
if good-hearted , movie . 	1
the characters are intriguing and realistic 	1
realism , crisp storytelling and 	1
actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	1
created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point 	1
unflappable 	1
traditional romantic 	1
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ? 	0
a hack script 	0
a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers . 	1
just does n't have anything really interesting to say . 	0
going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud 	1
lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 	1
and lesbian children 	0
study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture . 	1
unimpressively 	0
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; 	1
is an impossible task 	0
the hours , a delicately crafted film 	1
the metaphors are provocative 	1
it puts washington , as honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . 	1
super-dooper-adorability intact 	1
been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy 	0
are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	0
reassures 	1
of america , history and the awkwardness of human life 	1
there 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . 	0
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , 	0
an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey 	1
beautifully designed 	1
even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 	0
thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , 	1
paints an absurdly simplistic picture . 	0
genuinely unnerving . 	1
and movie life 	1
effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself 	1
some comic sparks 	1
subtle , and resonant 	1
though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . 	1
bracingly nasty 	0
a smart , nuanced look at de sade and 	1
grows on you . 	1
and for many of us , that 's good enough . 	1
unparalleled 	1
trapped wo n't score points for political correctness 	0
love robin tunney 	1
cold , gray , antiseptic and 	0
who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 	0
its own 	1
and sublime music 	1
a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score 	1
the kind of social texture and realism 	1
astoundingly 	1
drag 	0
'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment 	0
humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life 	1
good one 	1
abandoned , 	0
is better than ` shindler 's list ' 	1
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . 	0
has a feel for the character at all stages of her life 	1
dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams 	0
refreshes 	1
inconsistencies 	0
something creepy about this movie 	0
a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him 	1
engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . 	1
suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused 	1
the yawning chasm where the plot should be 	0
maudlin focus 	0
blazingly 	1
owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama 	1
a film living far too much in its own head 	0
make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film 	0
, this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 	1
, talented , charismatic and tragically 	1
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking . 	1
a feature debut 	1
sumptuous ocean visuals 	1
bitterly 	0
watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama 	0
festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you 	0
when the explosions start , they fall to pieces 	0
all your mateys , 	1
the structure is simple , but 	1
the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject 	1
could not stand them 	0
that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride 	1
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 	0
groaner 	0
strange and beautiful film 	1
tired , unnecessary 	0
artistic transcendence 	1
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't 	0
for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 	0
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother 	1
its absurdities and crudities 	0
are beautifully 	1
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages 	0
no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer 	0
feature-length stretch 	0
could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films 	1
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . '' 	0
ok for a movie 	1
surprisingly entertaining 	1
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . 	1
, think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 	0
keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity 	1
is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony 	0
some intelligent observations 	1
the consequences 	0
be interested in knowing any of them personally 	1
rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent 	1
against a tree 	1
have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 	1
no amount of imagination 	0
more salacious telenovela than serious drama 	0
placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	1
simply 	1
the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . 	1
the essence of what it is to be ya-ya 	1
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted . 	0
the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation 	1
comprehensible 	1
`` abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . 	0
feel sorry 	0
by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life 	0
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments 	1
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . 	0
bad direction 	0
universal and involving 	1
every painful nuance , 	0
vibrant , colorful , semimusical 	1
a twist -- far better 	1
caught but the audience gets pure escapism 	1
dominate a family 	0
a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 	1
least favorite emotions 	0
of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster 	0
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun . 	1
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows 	1
sane and breathtakingly 	1
thrillingly 	1
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film 	0
beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 	1
from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written 	1
existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term 	1
might want to check it out 	1
is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine 	0
a moving , if uneven , success . 	1
dead-on 	1
may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit 	1
unhurried narrative 	1
perfectly executed 	1
new york metropolitan area 	1
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament 	0
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding . 	1
solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 	0
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago . 	1
color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at 	1
'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 	0
a year late 	0
get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 	0
random , superficial humor 	0
it makes absolutely no sense 	0
would love this . 	1
to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book 	0
conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective . 	1
an exciting plot 	1
makes a better short story than it does a film 	0
a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along 	0
the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness . 	1
fine job 	1
uninteresting 	0
good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 	1
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , 	1
's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish 	0
is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . 	0
with enough sardonic wit 	1
welcome perspective 	1
the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen 	1
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line 	0
the most watchable film 	1
the vital action sequences 	1
gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem 	1
the same mistake as the music industry 	0
the brawn 	1
no , paralyzed 	0
going to jell 	1
to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry 	1
the cat 's meow 	1
a collective heart attack 	0
always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable 	1
that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' 	0
peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids 	0
painful 	0
to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived 	1
writer-director kurt wimmer 	1
to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves 	1
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me . 	0
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel . 	1
a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge . 	1
a core 	1
as well as it does because of the performances 	1
wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways 	0
misses the mark 	0
is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many 	1
's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . 	1
logical 	1
sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 	1
a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh 	1
killer 	0
is n't heated 	0
of freshness , imagination and insight 	1
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros 	1
are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care 	0
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 	1
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there . 	1
is nothing redeeming about this movie . 	0
that is impenetrable and dull 	0
jeffrey tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy . 	1
whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy 	1
sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music . 	0
mature and 	1
a heartening tale of small victories and 	1
keeps the energy humming 	1
the direction is clumsy 	0
shallow . 	0
special effect 	1
never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad 	0
visually striking and 	1
is tepid and tedious 	0
it 's just not very smart . 	0
an awful snooze . 	0
is both inspiring and pure joy 	1
make the most of the large-screen format , 	1
the real horror may be waiting for us at home 	0
leave you wanting to abandon the theater 	0
99-minute 	1
deliver remarkable performances . 	1
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . 	1
the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take 	1
otherwise bleak tale 	0
awkwardly garish showcase 	0
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film 	1
will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and 	1
, the movie looks genuinely pretty . 	1
an intermittently good time 	1
a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this 	0
a crescendo 	1
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll . 	1
a gleefully 	1
the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 	1
at theaters 	1
might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) 	0
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy 	1
most opaque , self-indulgent and 	0
experienced 	1
loyal fans 	1
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms 	0
it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 	1
is workmanlike in the extreme . 	0
are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine 	0
to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 	0
undeniably intriguing 	1
of embarrassment 	0
despite some first-rate performances 	1
an acting bond 	1
you 're not a fan 	0
the choices 	1
to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary 	0
despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer . 	1
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and 	1
fake 	0
it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	1
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied . 	0
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting . 	1
is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective 	1
pay money for what we can get on television for free 	0
campanella 's competent direction and 	1
this is the stuff that disney movies are made of . 	1
stakes out the emotional heart of happy 	1
the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion 	0
into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim 	1
the year 's best 	1
if you love him , you 'll like it . 	1
from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner 	1
abundant 	1
` laughing 	1
a predictable , manipulative stinker 	0
for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 	1
explore the connections between place and personal identity . 	1
if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too 	1
, today , can prevent its tragic waste of life 	0
, not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels 	0
co-winner 	1
no one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive 	0
is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit 	0
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie 's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 	0
to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films 	0
underlines even the dullest tangents 	0
relentlessly nasty situations 	0
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 	0
a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone 	0
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve 	1
technically superb film 	1
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense 	0
the usual cliches 	0
it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice . 	1
still does n't quite know how to fill a frame . 	0
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone 	0
to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man 	1
too many prefabricated story elements 	0
of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore 	1
is a little too in love 	0
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant . 	1
the film is strictly routine . 	0
a cruelly funny twist 	1
amused indictment 	1
the lazy material and 	0
aggressively silly 	0
is entertaining 	1
thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be 	1
rather brilliant 	1
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film 	1
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera 	1
to see a romance this smart 	1
the most moronic screenplays of the year 	0
less than fresh . 	0
tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in . 	0
is plenty of room for editing 	0
thriller with enough unexpected twists 	1
is as difficult for the audience 	0
simple pleasures 	1
this is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch . 	1
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait 	1
regards reign of fire with awe 	1
's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out 	0
director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags . 	0
such enervating determination 	1
be pleased 	1
really poor 	0
if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ... 	0
referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal 	0
he is always sympathetic . 	1
has fallen 	0
yet compelling 	1
, amusing 	1
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or 	0
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ? 	0
do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution 	0
her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game 	0
in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary 	0
a weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media 	1
is not only the best date movie of the year 	1
steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films 	0
, you 'll like it . 	1
with the weak payoff 	0
is fantastic . 	1
mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 	1
that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men 	1
if somewhat standardized , 	1
survives intact in bv 's re-voiced version . 	1
just another disjointed 	0
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; 	0
masterpieces 	1
clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years 	1
trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit 	1
a couple of burnt-out cylinders 	0
witty expose 	1
that is worthy of our respect 	1
captivating and 	1
with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub . 	0
'd probably turn it off 	0
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish . 	1
disparate funny moments 	1
come with the warning 	0
develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times 	1
is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals 	1
is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . 	0
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie 	0
does n't disappoint . 	1
a necessary and timely one 	1
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman 	1
appreciated a smartly written motion picture 	1
, quite simply , should n't have been made 	0
rip-off 	0
commanding 	1
where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still 	0
the shallow sensationalism characteristic 	0
transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor . 	1
it lacks a strong narrative 	0
detailed personal portrait 	1
but a great one 	1
a jarring , new-agey tone 	1
the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories 	1
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time . 	1
returns with a chase to end all chases 	1
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense . 	1
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction 	1
by poor casting 	0
be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning 	1
mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun 	1
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing 	1
positive 	1
with the precision of the insurance actuary 	1
any of the signposts 	0
as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned 	0
affectation 	1
of playing with narrative form 	1
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , 	1
so bland 	0
more repetition than creativity throughout the movie 	0
is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio 	0
a collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films . 	0
about it will stay with you 	1
everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious 	0
destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 	1
, dull procession 	0
is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be 	0
introverted young men with fantasy fetishes 	0
an honest and loving one 	1
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play . 	1
drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine 	0
into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek 	0
their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential 	0
mediocre exercise 	0
funny and light 	1
taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head 	0
muddled and derivative 	0
, excruciatingly tedious 	0
crisp framing 	1
even-flowing tone 	1
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny . 	1
is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 	0
lonely and needy 	0
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise . 	1
show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers 	0
on subtle ironies and visual devices 	1
an ill-conceived 	0
is told as the truth 	1
just bring on the battle bots , please ! 	1
show-stoppingly hilarious 	1
mainly unfunny 	0
dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped 	0
itself all too seriously 	0
dread encountering the most 	0
considerable appeal 	1
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm . 	1
, nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent . 	0
pays off 	1
pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . 	1
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . 	1
to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state . 	1
are odd and pixilated 	0
the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 	1
punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot 	0
hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter 	0
it 's insanely violent and very graphic 	1
nothing short of a great one 	1
would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera 	0
alienating most viewers 	0
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . 	0
an enjoyable level of ridiculousness 	1
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction . 	1
ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering . 	0
good video game movie 	1
jolt you 	1
had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies 	1
in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 	0
one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society . 	1
's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously 	0
which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing 	0
your mind is being blown 	1
with wit and originality 	1
patience 	1
cliches , painful improbability and murky 	0
human comedy 	1
, then you 'll enjoy the hot chick . 	1
the hallmarks 	1
is as padded as allen 's jelly belly . 	0
a waste of fearless purity 	0
an entertaining ride 	1
wry comic mayhem 	1
bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 	1
those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen 	1
to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made 	1
seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject 	0
empty theaters 	0
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and 	0
recommend read my lips 	1
this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant 	0
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient . 	0
by the sheer beauty of his images 	1
neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap 	0
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising 	1
is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow . 	0
makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . 	1
falls to the floor with a sickening thud . 	0
he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 	0
intellectual and emotional 	1
who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted 	0
potentially incredibly twisting mystery 	1
making kahlo 's art a living 	1
a fault 	0
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work . 	1
wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , 	1
it is unwavering and arresting 	1
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and 	1
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie 	0
is cruel 	0
does n't beat that one , either . 	0
stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel 	0
emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . 	1
, the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series 	0
a completely honest , open-hearted film 	1
remarkable 	1
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one 	1
as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable 	0
manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them . 	1
directed , barely , 	0
us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity 	1
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter . 	1
an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth 	0
has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script . 	1
because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 	1
the hood 	1
which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 	1
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up 	1
at its best , which occurs often , michael moore 's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` are we a sick society ? ' 	1
combined with indoctrinated prejudice 	0
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary . 	0
the universal themes , earnest performances 	1
ambivalence 	0
is that it stinks . 	0
hearts 	1
respectable summer blockbuster 	1
seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending 	0
the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years 	1
its hero 	1
, alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 	0
big , tender hug 	1
just about the best straight-up , 	1
every indulgent , indie trick 	0
seems a prostituted muse 	0
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant 	0
none of this sounds promising and , 	0
brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film 	1
as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air 	1
it 's a dish that 's best served cold 	0
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break . 	0
surrounding us with hyper-artificiality 	0
memorable first interrogation 	1
wry and engrossing 	1
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... 	0
the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 	0
hugely accomplished 	1
can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise . 	0
the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 	1
that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew 	1
if you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . 	1
a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 	0
of clichés and borrowed images 	0
trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , 	0
poignant and uplifting story 	1
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . 	0
ditched the artsy pretensions 	1
pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success 	0
a concept doofus 	0
manages to invest real humor 	1
clever angle 	1
some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 	1
is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb . 	1
insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	0
new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply 	1
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound 	0
love head-on 	1
of the expressive power of the camera 	1
an unencouraging threefold expansion 	0
keep upping the ante on each other , 	1
banal 	0
the unmentionable 	0
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility . 	1
its story just is n't worth telling 	0
, offering fine acting moments and pungent 	1
to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 	1
utterly painful 	0
it 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn . 	1
tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations 	1
outrageous , ingenious 	1
weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . 	0
quite a comedy 	1
wannabe-hip 	0
look as though they are having so much fun 	1
peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes 	1
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few . 	0
while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad 	0
lynch , jeunet , and von trier 	1
writing and slack direction 	0
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , 	0
ah-nuld 's 	0
can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut 	1
become wearisome . 	0
the film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod . 	1
there 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent . 	1
is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year 	1
sympathetic characters 	1
dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication 	0
captures both the beauty of the land and the people . 	1
is plenty of fun for all 	1
exquisite craftsmanship 	1
she strikes a potent chemistry with molina 	1
for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her 	1
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , 	1
's neither original nor terribly funny 	0
without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing 	1
one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother 	1
of middle eastern world politics 	1
of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 	0
might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around 	0
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements 	0
for purposes of bland hollywood romance 	0
if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck . 	1
's often overwritten , 	0
overcome the problematic script 	0
there are some laughs in this movie , but williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak . 	0
( jeff 's ) gorgeous , fluid compositions , 	1
a true talent 	1
only mildly funny 	1
that a life like this can sound so dull 	0
, the journey does n't really go anywhere . 	0
downright hitchcockian 	1
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely 	1
a curious sick poetry , 	0
favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate 	0
the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim 	1
does n't figure in the present hollywood program 	0
another run-of-the-mill disney sequel 	0
family movie 	1
a relative letdown . 	0
of disney 's great past 	1
painfully flat gross-out comedy 	0
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length . 	0
a lumbering load of hokum but 	0
that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it 	0
all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors 	0
the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs 	1
the irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . 	1
powerful and telling story 	1
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and 	0
this kiddie-oriented stinker 	0
comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture . 	1
the rolling of a stray barrel 	1
odd enjoyably chewy lump 	1
the operative word for `` bad company 	0
pompous 	0
2-day old coke 	0
conventional , 	0
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . 	1
cinematic art 	1
gritty , sometimes funny 	1
dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , 	1
delicious and delicately funny look 	1
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that 	1
stirring music 	1
lends itself to easy jokes and insults 	0
told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 	0
meager 	0
about guys and dolls 	1
so awful 	0
's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . 	0
service of of others 	1
awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters 	0
considerable power 	1
, but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes . 	0
is insightful about kissinger 's background and history 	1
meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 	0
is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple 	1
stylish 	1
glow 	1
a classical dramatic animated feature 	1
best espionage picture 	1
drag on for nearly three hours 	0
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and 	0
a prolific director 	1
barn-burningly bad movie 	0
squeeze the action and our emotions 	1
and narrative flow 	1
this seductive tease 	1
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family . 	1
a serious debt to the road warrior 	1
the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy 	0
that its own action is n't very effective 	0
, noisy and pretentious 	0
a genuinely bone-chilling tale 	1
one the public 	1
but it 's worth the concentration . 	1
part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin 	0
, they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting . 	1
he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading 	0
a worthy idea 	1
of the little mermaid and aladdin 	1
the line between sappy and sanguine 	1
believable that you feel what they feel 	1
that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities 	0
realize your mind is being blown 	1
such an achievement 	1
engaging diatribes 	1
its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images 	1
the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc . 	1
nostalgic comments 	1
is definitely a director to watch 	1
some laughs 	1
see this terrific film 	1
an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion 	1
too amateurish and awkward 	0
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey 	1
for leonard 	1
clichés , depression and 	0
an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters 	0
avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 	0
a classic text 	1
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from 	1
it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us 	0
waldo salt screenwriting award 	1
no. 1 	1
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame 	1
so much phone in his performance as 	0
you want to see it 	1
what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be 	0
hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff 	1
one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while 	1
although estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro 	0
with table manners 	1
illuminating 	1
with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 	1
deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 	1
remarkably insightful 	1
actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue 	1
continues to do interesting work 	1
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction 	0
low-budget series 	0
give them credit for : the message of the movie 	1
parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . 	1
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives . 	1
this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 	0
be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 	0
is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution . 	1
great monster movie 	1
famed 	1
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing 	1
populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 	0
will likely enjoy this monster 	1
gives out 	1
that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next 	1
a genuine and singular artist 	1
joyful solo performance 	1
a customarily jovial air 	1
a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	1
have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat 	0
inherent absurdity 	0
of common sense 	1
how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	1
the campaign-trail press 	1
the opera 's drama and lyricism 	1
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get 	1
a sense of real magic , perhaps 	1
is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew . 	0
( johnnie to and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers . 	0
was longer than an hour 	1
the problem with all of this 	0
suitably kooky which should appeal to women 	1
a hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol . 	1
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all ) will have fun with . 	1
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view 	1
as a vehicle to savor binoche 's skill 	1
recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 	0
this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . 	1
amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film 	0
of thoughtful war films and those 	1
is really , really stupid 	0
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor 	1
suicidal 	0
empathy 	1
of male hustlers 	1
intelligent and moving 	1
cinematic perfection 	1
in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	0
directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory 	0
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and 	1
catch this imax offering 	1
fears 	0
a moving story of determination and the human spirit . 	1
an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot 	0
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , 	1
as a soufflé gone wrong 	0
spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do 	1
is sordid and disgusting . 	0
also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness 	1
the comic elements of the premise 	1
the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice 	0
in an attempt 	0
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy . 	0
the fine line between cheese 	0
right down the reality drain 	0
by a legacy of abuse 	0
like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming 	0
weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism 	1
a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 	0
makes for a touching love story 	1
makes its message resonate 	1
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs. sever , were made for the palm screen . 	0
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience . 	1
got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation 	1
made a movie that is n't just offensive 	0
leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites 	0
the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief 	1
to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 	0
a classic 	1
the plot weaves us into a complex web . 	1
humor 	1
enough to sustain laughs 	1
implausible 	0
come when various characters express their quirky inner selves 	1
a strong script 	1
ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless . 	0
filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	0
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying 	1
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite 	1
thoroughly engrossing and 	1
a vibrant whirlwind 	1
of the very best movies 	1
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart . 	1
affable 	1
a thirteen-year-old 's book report 	1
in which the kids in the house will be gored 	0
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary . 	0
the charming result is festival in cannes . 	1
the film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen . 	0
turgid 	0
been recycled more times than i 'd care to count 	0
on the edge of your seat 	1
most third-rate horror sequels 	0
labored and unfunny 	0
a boring movie 	0
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines . 	1
even more indistinct 	0
aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit 	0
time , death 	0
the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm 	1
's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance . 	0
dull , unimaginative 	0
from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	1
, amari 's film falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey . 	0
, it 's not too bad . 	1
cute alien 	1
fetid underbelly 	0
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller . 	1
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process 	1
a flat script 	0
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not . 	1
sentimental , hypocritical 	0
carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy 	0
splendor 	1
does n't add up . 	0
, you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . 	1
this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears 	1
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished 	1
goldie hawn 	1
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery 	0
as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ? 	0
wonder , hope and magic 	1
the primitive murderer 	0
the journey feel like a party 	1
feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks . 	0
in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood 	1
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture . 	0
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor 	0
less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series 	0
bore . 	0
's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original 	0
that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 	0
the predictability 	0
starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera . 	0
snappy 	1
grows thin soon 	0
this is a heartfelt story ... 	1
add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . 	0
the poor and the dispossessed 	0
favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness 	1
that movie nothing 	0
contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 	0
mysterious , sensual , 	1
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a 	0
of elaborate and twisted characters 	1
it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters 	0
a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point 	1
hate myself 	0
such a talented director as chen kaige 	1
the most oddly honest hollywood document 	1
of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing 	0
be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame 	0
is a fragmented film , 	0
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is 	1
a smart little indie . 	1
tv sitcom material 	0
is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	1
weaves us into a complex web . 	1
the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes 	0
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating . 	0
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle . 	0
enjoyed it 	1
like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation 	0
a bad movie , just mediocre 	0
on other levels 	1
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor 	1
master craftsmen 	1
can detract from the affection of that moral favorite 	0
a remarkable film by bernard rose 	1
, do n't bother . 	0
long , 	0
the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . 	0
high romance , brought off with considerable wit 	1
just plain bad . 	0
completely awful 	0
( fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall ) 	1
morvern rocks . 	1
love stories you will ever see 	1
offers nothing 	0
intimidated by both her subject matter and 	0
totally unnecessary prologue 	0
herzog has fallen 	0
sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices 	0
's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship 	1
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls . 	0
the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine 	1
silly , stupid and pointless 	0
is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience . 	0
a tribute to the power of women to heal 	1
though jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape 	0
present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness 	1
... irritating soul-searching garbage . 	0
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , 	1
an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut 	1
naiveté and 	0
suspense , surprise and 	1
coming through in the end 	1
devoid of wit and humor 	0
like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry 	0
a brazenly misguided project 	0
those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today 	0
make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching 	1
developed characters 	1
with the transparent attempts at moralizing 	0
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy . 	0
is visually dazzling 	1
to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies 	1
give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` 	0
steadfast 	1
rare drama 	1
hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 	0
that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending 	1
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished . 	1
too clichéd and too often strains credulity 	0
for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks 	0
once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film 	1
possibly the sturdiest example yet 	1
this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart 	0
feel like a 10-course banquet . 	1
boilerplate clichés 	0
is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . 	0
observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 	1
at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . 	0
the gross-out comedy 	0
interesting and at times captivating 	1
delightfully rendered 	1
chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back 	0
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit 	1
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory 	1
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating . 	0
be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture 	1
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems . 	1
carries us effortlessly from darkness to light 	1
will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting . 	0
in the annals of cinema 	1
completely awful iranian drama ... 	0
be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality 	1
to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff 	0
peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper 	1
in a new way 	1
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of 	0
mean 	0
noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 	0
're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 	0
this nonsensical story 	0
have a sense of humor 	1
see the attraction for the sole reason 	1
that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad 	0
this unrelenting bleak insistence 	0
an mtv , sugar hysteria 	1
live a rich and full life 	1
a sloppy , amusing comedy 	1
for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears 	0
there 's no art here 	0
originality ai n't on the menu , 	0
` terrorists 	0
plain dumb 	0
an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick 	1
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , 	1
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor 	1
unspeakably , 	0
`` goddammit 	0
it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 	0
it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . 	0
reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism 	1
cool 	1
is n't really one of resources 	0
have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted 	1
is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations 	1
're more likely to enjoy on a computer 	0
dredge up 	0
a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary 	0
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and 	0
, no matter how degraded things get . 	0
adventurous young talent 	1
if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks 	0
not to have been edited at all 	0
's so successful at lodging itself in the brain 	1
it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life 	0
work as shallow entertainment , 	0
familiar and tired 	0
'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair 	0
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and 	1
they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort 	0
rambling and incoherent manifesto 	0
better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style 	1
greatest 	1
great fun 	1
life-affirming moments 	1
the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold . 	0
an intimacy 	1
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold . 	1
lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 	0
interestingly 	1
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen . 	0
unencouraging threefold expansion 	0
harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research . 	1
crowd-pleaser 	1
is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 	0
from grace that still leaves shockwaves 	1
bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen 	0
to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff 	0
does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes . 	0
so sloppy 	0
stylishly directed with verve 	1
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny 	1
a good-natured ensemble comedy 	1
it 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful . 	0
damned compelling 	1
a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 	0
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . 	1
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion . 	0
a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter 	1
of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images 	1
is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts 	0
, absurd , 	0
may find it uninteresting 	0
some very good acting , 	1
it overstays its natural running time 	0
skillfully 	1
a riveting profile 	1
most repugnant adaptation 	0
the humans are acting like puppets 	0
you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's 	1
stale , futile scenario 	0
hungry-man portions of bad ' 	0
in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling 	1
there 's nothing resembling a spine here 	0
's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter 	0
in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion 	1
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing . 	1
a compelling french psychological drama 	1
captivating coming-of-age story 	1
its funny moments 	1
the movie 's progression into rambling incoherence 	0
more than a tepid 	0
, it might just be the movie you 're looking for . 	1
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next . 	0
there 's nothing very attractive about this movie 	0
got a place in your heart 	1
delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . 	1
wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies 	1
... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative . 	1
expect from movies 	0
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy . 	1
has a number of holes 	0
is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years . 	1
philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron 	1
the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' 	0
builds its multi-character story with a flourish 	1
diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly 	1
solidly entertaining 	1
consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment 	1
humanizing 	1
a torn book jacket 	1
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period 	0
watching junk 	0
triple x 	1
, but slow 	0
is a disaster 	0
to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel 	1
its rough edges 	0
has plenty of laughs 	1
as imperious 	0
, you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 	1
is as delightful as it is derivative . 	1
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 	1
does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films . 	0
staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby 	0
is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack 	0
with raw urban humor 	1
incredible 	1
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge 	0
match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 	1
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 	1
worthy successor 	1
genteel and 	1
is an interesting movie 	1
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself . 	1
putrid 	0
a casual intelligence 	1
well-conceived 	1
overall feelings , broader ideas , 	1
's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it 	0
the movie 's messages are quite admirable , 	1
too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary 	0
a gentle film 	1
a new treasure 	1
emphasizes the well-wrought story 	1
forced 	0
lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 	0
epiphanies 	1
sweet and sexy film 	1
infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane . 	1
derived from a lobotomy 	0
it squanders chan 's uniqueness ; 	0
admire the film 's stately nature and 	1
in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . 	1
the right frame of mind 	1
superficial humor 	0
be consumed and forgotten 	0
deliver remarkable performances 	1
intolerable 	0
he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 	1
unabashedly hopeful 	1
contrived sequels 	0
of the best and most exciting movies 	1
simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	1
her agreeably startling use 	1
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth . 	1
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist 	1
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted 	0
is an inspirational love story 	1
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 	0
why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is 	1
does n't work 	0
the unsalvageability 	0
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party 	0
that are damned in queen of the damned 	0
it 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert 	0
a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life 	1
will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter 	0
rip-roaring 	1
straight out of a cellular phone commercial 	0
funny , sexy , 	1
harm 	0
so many false scares 	0
as warm as it is wise 	1
wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . 	1
regret and 	0
of oscar wilde 's classic satire 	1
the modern masculine journey 	1
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious 	0
thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor 	1
a compassionate 	1
murk 	0
what he does best 	1
confusing on one level or another , 	0
bertrand tavernier 's 	1
nightmare 	0
with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni 	0
loneliness can make people act weird 	0
a loud , witless mess that 	0
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns . 	1
mothers 	1
makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance 	1
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , 	1
, graceless , hackneyed 	0
insufferable ball 	0
who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	0
of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers 	1
john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders 	0
engrossing portrait 	1
disappointing to a certain degree 	0
, the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . 	0
amazingly 	1
cold porridge 	0
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions . 	1
they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . 	0
this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes . 	0
a total rehash 	0
turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing 	0
insightful and entertaining 	1
a bland , pretentious mess . 	0
subtle ironies 	1
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels . 	1
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers 	1
even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic 	0
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled . 	0
drags the film down . 	0
takes you somewhere 	1
he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure 	1
convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them 	1
has about 25 minutes of decent material . 	1
the best korean film 	1
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes . 	0
people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks 	0
in one forum or another 	1
held my attention 	1
smart-aleck 	0
fall dreadfully short 	0
transcendent 	1
phlegmatic 	0
could hate it for the same reason . 	0
an epic 	1
, it 's the very definition of epic adventure . 	1
when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable 	0
lushness 	1
has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid 	1
with square conviction 	1
for all its brilliant touches 	1
car to drive through 	1
a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 	1
better film 	1
little farm melodrama . 	0
tight 	1
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon . 	1
's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity 	0
the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept 	0
think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 	0
the real issues 	1
developed with more care 	1
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho . 	1
a visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this . 	0
similarly themed 	1
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial 	0
tiresome 	0
centers 	1
a weird and wonderful comedy . 	1
has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half . 	0
rare depth 	1
'' wanted and quite honestly 	1
hypnotically dull 	0
feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something . 	0
mess ... 	0
lusty , boisterous and utterly charming 	1
incongruous summer playoff 	0
similarly ill-timed 	0
you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine . 	0
a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year 	1
the vagueness 	0
lacking about everything 	0
its predictability 	0
checkout 	1
this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars 	0
than romantic 	1
funny situations and 	1
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic . 	0
may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping . 	1
a simple misfire 	0
an achingly enthralling premise 	1
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand 	1
for an older one 	1
that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk 	1
nutty cliches and far too much 	0
a loose collection 	0
enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out 	1
( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull 	1
its visual merits 	1
elegant , mannered and teasing . 	1
the mushy finale 	0
crisp and purposeful without overdoing it 	1
emotionally honest 	1
's a terrible movie in every regard , 	0
as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care . 	1
, is a note of defiance over social dictates . 	1
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community 	1
geriatric dirty harry , 	0
dazzling panoramic shots 	1
a poem to the enduring strengths of women 	1
the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games 	1
us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time 	1
should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel . 	1
like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp . 	0
the drama discloses almost nothing . 	0
an idea of expectation 	1
dutiful precision 	1
to many clichés 	0
real film 	1
more mature than fatal attraction , 	1
paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party 	1
squanders chan 's uniqueness 	0
rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 . 	1
a great writer and 	1
entertaining 	1
blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings 	1
be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies 	0
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but 	0
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook 	0
same easy targets 	0
, four-star movie 	1
you 'll end up moved . 	1
's never dull and always looks good . 	1
with a sickening thud 	0
a prolific director of music videos 	1
emotionally complex 	1
us 	1
with a flimsy ending 	0
outlandish 	0
into forced fuzziness 	1
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this . 	0
spectacular 	1
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators 	1
the re-release of ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages . 	1
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and 	0
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film . 	0
most of the problems with the film 	0
it 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series . 	1
like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing 	0
wit and hoopla 	1
without much of a story 	0
this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer . 	1
presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves 	0
is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell . 	1
true and heartbreaking 	1
, like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 	0
lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks 	1
than anything that 's been done before 	1
is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down 	0
provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . 	1
unbearable 	0
lacking in chills 	0
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord . 	1
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters 	1
is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . 	0
practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over 	0
a calculating fiend 	0
wickedly funny , visually engrossing 	1
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material . 	0
( other than the very sluggish pace ) 	0
failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations 	0
ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie 	0
` fatal script error 	0
the director 's epitaph for himself 	0
the rich and sudden wisdom , the film 	1
a war tribute 	1
a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece 	1
what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip 	1
you 'd swear you 	1
insipid , brutally clueless 	0
slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves 	0
discomfort and embarrassment 	0
is not entirely successful 	0
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , 	1
is about as deep as that sentiment 	0
, you feel alive - which is what they did 	1
bring tissues 	1
replaced by goth goofiness 	0
fresh and absorbing look 	1
a one-trick pony 	0
dreadfully short 	0
the mediocre end of the pool 	0
the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers 	0
too sappy 	0
often hilarious 	1
seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception . 	1
why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	1
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film . 	1
compelling piece 	1
half-baked setups 	0
distinguished and thoughtful film 	1
all awkward , static , 	0
ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over . 	0
jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt 	1
thoughtful and surprisingly affecting 	1
sloughs one 's way 	0
for blade ii 	1
his films so memorable 	1
overdoing 	0
time is a beautiful film to watch 	1
gritty realism and magic realism 	1
induces headaches more slowly 	0
true believer 	1
to fulfill its own ambitious goals 	1
determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action 	1
without any passion 	0
limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or 	0
more and more abhorrent 	0
visually stunning rumination 	1
filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting 	1
be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen 	0
a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half 	0
still manages to string together enough charming moments to work . 	1
, stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 	1
works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . 	1
that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk 	1
maintained 	1
the natural affability that has made tucker a star 	1
totally exemplify 	1
is somewhat satisfying 	1
an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book 	1
are in perfect balance 	1
the the wisdom and humor 	1
to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt 	0
among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism 	1
silly and crude storyline 	0
an interesting movie 	1
with clever dialogue and likeable characters 	1
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull 	0
, it succeeds . 	1
with notorious c.h.o. cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . 	1
india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh 	1
is always welcome 	1
impossible as it may sound 	0
, you ca n't miss it . 	1
more often than not hits the bullseye 	1
from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal 	1
, long-suffering but cruel 	0
by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over . 	1
bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay 	0
it 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics . 	1
is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time 	0
are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya 	1
creeping 	0
sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling 	1
great cinema 	1
is one of those films that aims to confuse 	0
directorial touch 	1
are paper thin 	0
improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen 	0
the parents 	1
jaw-droppingly 	1
shallow rumination 	0
and , through it all , human 	1
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie 	0
, runteldat is something of a triumph . 	1
shabby script 	0
consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt . 	1
) ensure that the film is never dull 	1
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter 	1
a real film 	1
go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery 	0
stylish cinematography 	1
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , 	0
best star trek movie 	1
a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable 	1
together familiar themes 	1
famed charisma 	1
by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks 	0
a well-made evocation 	1
personal tragedy and also the human comedy 	1
genial 	1
by labored writing and slack direction 	0
it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . ' 	0
love this 	1
a clever adaptation 	1
troubled 	0
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression . 	1
been given the drive of a narrative 	1
why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , i did n't care . 	0
just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work . 	1
because it aims so low 	0
lacks the inspiration of the original and 	0
babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... 	1
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was . 	0
it 's moving 	1
relative 	1
a heart , mind or humor 	1
works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters 	1
not to mention a convincing brogue 	1
are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) 	1
the aaa of action 	1
big heart 	1
drama , conflict , tears and surprise 	1
'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled 	0
surprises you 	1
his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy 	0
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - 	0
the `` a '' range 	1
carries a charge of genuine excitement 	1
too bad . 	0
as artificial and soulless 	0
denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him 	1
answered 	1
until the final act 	1
neat trick 	1
become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past 	0
benefits 	1
have to see this 	1
need a playful respite 	1
of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 	1
is one helluva singer . 	1
to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing 	0
indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 	0
, meditative 	1
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create . 	0
which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler 	0
frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home 	1
dysfunctional drama 	0
such a perfect medium 	1
chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss 	1
unoriginal mess 	0
a realistically terrifying movie 	1
fans clamoring for another ride 	1
well-thought stunts or a car chase 	1
could n't stand to hear 	0
the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan 	1
a knowing sense of humor 	1
amusing characters 	1
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time . 	0
about schmidt belongs to nicholson . 	1
deeper and more engaging . 	1
the rich promise 	1
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , 	1
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... 	0
one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up 	0
all in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 	1
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen . 	1
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly . 	0
roman coppola 's brief pretentious period 	0
a quietly introspective portrait 	1
in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny 	1
, it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 	0
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one . 	0
duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper . 	1
veers into corny sentimentality , 	0
directed and convincingly acted . 	1
mind crappy movies as much 	0
no substitute for on-screen chemistry 	1
toss it 	0
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and 	0
the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats 	1
especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull 	1
if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special . 	0
finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality 	1
be all too familiar 	1
disturb 	0
one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty 	1
emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears 	1
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles 	0
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . 	1
a success 	1
the worst sense of the expression 	0
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x. 	0
of war 	0
embraces life 	1
compelling dramatic 	1
fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences 	1
a big , tender hug 	1
this rude and crude film 	0
do justice to the awfulness of the movie , 	0
supremely 	1
coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots 	0
little too obvious , 	0
would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special 	0
grandness 	1
seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither 	0
smart 	1
as a story of dramatic enlightenment 	1
boredom to the point of collapse , 	0
family warmth 	1
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do 	1
sometimes is a gem . 	1
good 	1
that tells us nothing new 	0
be considered career-best performances 	1
a good thriller . 	1
, when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 	1
the re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well . 	0
the barn-burningly bad movie 	0
powerful , naturally dramatic 	1
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms 	1
create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows 	1
to be pleasant in spite of its predictability 	1
in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity 	1
humor throughout 	1
were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone 	0
charisma and ability 	1
marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it . 	1
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . 	1
mentally `` superior '' friends 	1
posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse 	0
an enjoyable level 	1
may just scare the pants off you . 	1
shameless attempt 	0
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , 	1
that memorable , 	1
almost as offensive as `` freddy got fingered . '' 	0
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways 	1
help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something 	1
watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard . 	0
flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation 	0
mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 	0
redemption 	1
i have a confession to make : i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy . 	0
should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . 	0
hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 	0
forced drama 	0
... is dudsville . 	0
as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year 	1
this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same . 	0
might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies 	1
of a legal thriller 	0
'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike 	0
a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy 	0
sluggish , tonally uneven 	0
manages a neat trick 	1
see this piece of crap 	0
have fun 	1
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie . 	1
how inseparable the two are 	1
another `` best man '' 	1
is simply brilliant 	1
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . 	1
pity and 	0
given a part worthy of her considerable talents 	1
soggy performances 	0
impersonal and 	0
bug-eye theater and dead-eye 	0
wildly overproduced , 	0
a physique to match 	1
feel-bad 	0
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . 	0
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times 	0
of a growing strain of daring films 	1
like peace 	1
savvy street activism 	1
supremely hopeful cautionary tale 	1
it should be done cinematically 	1
set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york 	0
whose sharp intellect 	1
a consistent tone 	1
it is a whole lot of fun 	1
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn . 	0
do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit 	0
will enjoy . 	1
for the under-7 crowd 	0
the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen 	1
remarkably cohesive whole 	1
blustery movie 	0
mostly , ( goldbacher ) just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human . 	1
is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 	1
, you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . 	0
his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend 	1
make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate 	1
memorable character creations 	1
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story . 	0
splendor 	1
mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage . 	1
is the most disappointing woody allen movie 	0
a finely written , 	1
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire 	0
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 	1
under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 	0
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad . 	0
thoroughly awful movie 	0
a breezy blend 	1
a charming and evoking little ditty 	1
debuts by an esteemed writer-actor 	1
thoughtfully written 	1
sub-formulaic 	0
the long list of renegade-cop tales 	0
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . 	1
muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure 	1
's exploitive without being insightful . 	0
the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are 	1
an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn 	1
it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come 	1
every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians 	0
bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes 	1
to see over and over again 	1
generic drama 	0
one of the most highly-praised disappointments i 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time . 	0
us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing 	0
feel alive - which is what they did 	1
i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was 	0
chafing 	0
on a board 	1
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back 	1
those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up . 	1
reeking 	0
who would not likely be so stupid as to get 	0
a highly watchable , giggly little story 	1
said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees 	1
dialogue and preposterous moments 	0
choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 	1
is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins . 	1
was kind of terrific 	1
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but 	1
weighs down his capricious fairy-tale 	0
damn funny 	1
alone is worth the price of admission . 	1
will nevertheless find moving . 	1
does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events . 	0
by its smallness 	0
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie 	0
to scoring high for originality of plot 	1
a banal spiritual quest 	0
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but 	0
tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence 	0
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but 	0
solid acting and 	1
joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery 	0
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) 	0
their quirky and fearless ability 	1
drooling over michael idemoto as michael 	1
often imaginative 	1
great scares 	1
ill-conceived and expensive project 	0
rhetoric and cliché 	0
mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going 	0
photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life 	1
a few nice twists 	1
die hideously 	0
well-intentioned , 	1
, colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 	0
recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile 	1
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as 	1
becomes more specimen than character 	0
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory . 	1
is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 	1
lazy , miserable and smug . 	0
consider a dvd rental instead 	0
and no one ) 	1
, i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable 	0
oddballs 	0
angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . 	1
you wanting more 	1
smart and fun 	1
see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it 	0
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . 	1
the premise itself is just sooooo tired . 	0
lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 	0
will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice 	1
reveals itself slowly , intelligently 	1
as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . 	1
for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse 	1
are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis 	1
correctly 	1
's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety . 	1
a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism 	1
, harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore . 	0
be significantly different ( and better ) than most films 	1
of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version 	1
a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material 	0
self-hating , self-destructive ways 	0
of the other foul substances 	0
one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them 	0
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast 	1
the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer 	1
too crazy 	0
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming . 	0
would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . 	0
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk 	1
lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo . 	1
deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . 	1
could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors . 	0
drags 	0
in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 	0
give the transcendent performance 	1
they succeed 	1
it 's not only dull because we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed . 	0
love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew 	1
she might not make for a while 	0
is wrong in its sequel 	0
the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films 	1
of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car 	0
with enough negatives 	0
a charmer from belgium . 	1
try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward 	0
in such a potentially sudsy set-up 	0
a poetic 	1
a kind of abstract guilt 	0
but mush-hearted . 	0
a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess 	0
make it unexpectedly rewarding 	1
two fine actors , morgan freeman 	1
made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	1
at least one damn fine 	1
a lighthearted comedy 	1
pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness 	1
built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness 	0
any number of metaphorical readings 	1
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . 	0
dared to mess with some powerful people 	0
has one strike against it 	0
i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill 	1
a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation 	0
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema . 	1
delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . 	1
with an action movie that actually has a brain 	1
a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity . 	1
by flashes of mordant humor 	1
congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it 	1
juicy 	1
he creates 	1
an enjoyable film in its own right 	1
going at a rapid pace 	1
only obscure the message 	0
unhappy 	0
a comic fan 	1
somewhat flawed , 	0
as rude and profane 	0
is just too original to be ignored . 	1
that no wise men will be following after it 	0
i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie 	1
narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 	1
exceeds expectations 	1
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as 	1
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title 	0
've been trying to forget 	0
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak 	0
nonsensical and formulaic 	0
astonishingly pivotal 	1
first-class , natural acting 	1
's far too tragic 	0
be moved by this drama 	1
it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt . 	0
should be interesting 	1
a guiltless film for nice evening out . 	1
unfolds predictably 	0
like it was worth your seven bucks , 	1
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 	0
sight gags 	0
a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn 	1
each one of these people stand out and 	1
fine music 	1
one of the greatest date movies in years 	1
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film 	0
triple x is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude . 	1
this did n't connect with me would require another viewing 	0
eerily suspenseful 	1
is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought 	1
, but it 's great cinematic polemic 	1
be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme 	1
the incredible imax sound system 	1
, flat dialogue 	0
moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 	1
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but 	0
some of the best special effects 	1
really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages 	1
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film 	1
a naturally funny film 	1
millions of eager fans 	1
callow 	0
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises . 	0
it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work . 	0
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies 	1
itself is just sooooo tired . 	0
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study 	1
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances 	1
sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film 	1
promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 	1
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits 	1
screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	0
make a splash even greater 	1
the plot grows thin soon 	0
his own preoccupations and obsessions 	1
heroic 	1
, unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema . 	1
is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation . 	1
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and 	1
give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity 	1
it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness 	1
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling . 	1
deep or 	1
lacking any sense of commitment 	0
, the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 	1
rigid and 	0
merely ( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense . 	0
santa gives gifts to grownups 	1
of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 	1
dreary and 	0
spiritual journey 	1
and , in the end , not well enough 	0
grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length 	0
is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	0
although this idea is `` new '' 	0
a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements 	1
falling into the hollywood trap and 	0
can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school 	0
, only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 	1
curiously , super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . 	0
enjoyably fast-moving 	1
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable 	0
the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen 	0
that trademark grin of his 	1
the group 's playful spark 	1
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material . 	0
claude chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements . 	1
makes a great impression 	1
is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 	1
's nice to see piscopo again after all these years 	1
elegance 	1
it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive 	1
raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids 	1
entertain or inspire its viewers 	1
more than it does cathartic truth telling 	0
once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends 	1
has all the wiggling energy of young kitten 	1
is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year 	1
comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be 	0
sticks with its subjects a little longer 	1
nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful . 	1
even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting 	0
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man . 	1
no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet . 	0
for happiness 	1
reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone 	0
wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses 	1
accept the characters and the film , flaws and all 	1
an intelligent romantic thriller 	1
of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 	0
looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , 	1
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on . 	1
a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 	0
a penetrating , potent exploration 	1
is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 	1
offering fine acting moments 	1
ups 	1
have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies 	1
`` interesting '' 	1
the concept of loss 	0
maintaining a light touch 	1
without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue 	1
somewhat satisfying 	1
cutes 	1
recycled and dumbed-down version 	0
powerhouse 	1
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales 	1
an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos 	1
, this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . 	1
is high on squaddie banter , 	0
soar . 	1
at his most critically insightful 	1
who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer 	1
messy and 	0
superficial treatment 	0
feels a bit anachronistic . 	0
harks 	1
take movies by storm 	1
compassion , good-natured humor 	1
absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , 	1
its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . ' 	0
it 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting . 	0
humorously 	1
looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here 	0
what does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ? 	1
emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . 	1
uncomfortably timely , relevant 	1
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... 	0
is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . 	1
holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them 	0
and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics 	0
rambles 	0
ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . 	0
at every faltering half-step of its development 	0
with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do 	1
blustery 	0
feeling guilty for it 	0
gloomy film noir veil 	0
very amusing 	1
miss you . 	1
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say 	1
is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . 	1
unwavering and arresting 	1
an uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 	0
ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar 	0
is doomed by its smallness 	0
the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine . 	0
dylan kidd 	1
is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . ' 	0
's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	0
as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 	1
rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . 	0
connect with on any deeper level 	1
entertaining film 	1
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- 	1
more challenging or depressing 	0
could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower . 	0
takes a classic story 	1
all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon 	0
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , 	0
reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth 	1
is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be . 	0
a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film 	1
has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . 	0
mushy 	0
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present 	0
flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace 	1
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile 	1
they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . 	1
's hard to stop watching 	1
is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground 	1
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy . 	0
followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 	0
are fascinating 	1
, notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should . 	1
( depending upon where you live ) 	1
for no better reason 	0
itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 	1
's a hellish , 	0
a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film 	0
too much resonance 	0
he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range . 	1
even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 	1
find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere 	0
lost his touch , 	0
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series 	0
to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks 	1
in the pants 	1
makes a better travelogue than movie . 	0
the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme 	1
santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative . 	1
sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped . 	0
more forced than usual 	0
make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation 	1
nicely shot 	1
excruciatingly unfunny 	0
complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way 	1
bad animation and 	0
the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head . 	1
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` memento '' 	1
grows boring despite the scenery . 	0
pipe dream does have its charms . 	1
what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	1
the feeble examples 	0
shyamalan 's gifts 	1
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage 	0
inquisitive 	1
from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story 	1
it does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events . 	0
cerebral and cinemantic flair 	1
is every bit as fascinating 	1
in frustration 	0
childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice 	1
is as serious as a pink slip . 	0
see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	1
went over my head or -- considering just 	0
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie 	0
return to never land is reliable 	1
boring man 	0
mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 	1
to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 	1
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates . 	0
experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort 	1
it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion 	1
kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers . 	1
is frustratingly unconvincing . 	0
, those farts got to my inner nine-year-old 	1
better vehicle 	1
works well enough 	1
from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams 	0
while the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation . 	0
a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over 	1
for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy 	0
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory . 	0
like a grinning jack o ' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . 	0
go to a picture-perfect beach 	1
's unique and quirky about canadians 	1
a charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface 	1
before indigestion sets 	0
treat for its depiction 	1
beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork 	1
a polished and vastly entertaining caper 	1
with considerable wit 	1
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year 	1
should n't the reality seem at least passably real 	0
whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter 	0
comprehend it 	1
the best movies 	1
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal 	1
is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex . 	1
the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation 	0
been preferable 	1
frank capra 's classic 	1
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie . 	0
to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment 	0
important 	1
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes 	0
who are nearly impossible to care about 	0
do a little fleeing of its own 	0
this gentle comedy 	1
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , 	1
misfire 	0
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- 	1
contentious configurations 	0
a bad premise , 	0
druggy and self-indulgent 	0
the movie is amateurish , but 	0
with an avid interest in the subject 	1
like legally blonde and sweet home abomination 	0
candid , archly funny and deeply authentic 	1
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for . 	1
on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people 	1
that 's been given the drive of a narrative and 	1
concrete story 	1
his kids to watch too many barney videos 	0
anguished performance 	0
truly 	1
of the best silly horror movies 	1
it 's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough . 	1
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate . 	1
to check this one out 	1
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm . 	1
stuffy , 	0
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening 	0
into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy 	0
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar 	1
, it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . 	0
had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility 	0
nice album 	1
too many `` serious issues '' 	0
will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated 	0
it does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity . 	0
the problem with `` xxx '' is that its own action is n't very effective . 	0
` it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . ' 	0
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s 	1
of the darkest variety 	0
, it 's just another sports drama/character study . 	0
decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy 	0
like lint in a fat man 's navel 	0
elegantly 	1
the year 's worst cinematic tragedies 	0
amuse or entertain them 	1
a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	1
dave barry 's popular book 	1
dull , simple-minded and stereotypical 	0
he 's afraid of his best-known creation 	0
walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked 	0
is clearly not zhang 's forte 	0
, ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . 	1
talented 	1
real heart 	1
an empty , purposeless exercise . 	0
make this worth a peek 	1
gentle comedy 	1
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . 	1
that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison 	0
grade-grubbers 	0
sparking debate and encouraging thought 	1
to the most enchanting film of the year 	1
highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated 	1
chronically 	0
alive 	1
it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . 	1
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park 's . 	1
has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - 	1
pissed 	0
little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 	0
a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good 	1
flopped as surely 	0
believe that a life like this can sound so dull 	0
this movie loves women at all 	1
is never satisfactory 	0
inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , 	0
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 	0
ca n't support the epic treatment 	0
shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . 	1
the grind to refresh our souls 	1
call it a work of art 	1
the most part a useless movie , even with 	0
lost in the murk of its own making 	0
's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . 	1
ponderous and pretentious endeavor 	0
enlightenment 	1
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause 	1
... overly melodramatic ... 	0
welcome to collinwood never catches fire . 	0
glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby 	0
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust 	1
emerged as hilarious lunacy 	1
most thoughtful films 	1
herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion . 	0
goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice 	1
are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds . 	0
way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 	0
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies 	0
i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ... 	0
it 's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer . 	1
its heart , 	1
a fresh view of an old type 	1
the most fragmented charms 	1
they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . 	0
inspire a trip to the video store -- 	1
philosophical 	1
secretary is just too original to be ignored . 	1
become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) 	1
the storytelling and 	1
provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable 	1
's all bluster and cliché 	0
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence 	0
mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon 	1
one level 	1
you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes 	0
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional . 	1
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them . 	1
fondness and respect 	1
stale , 	0
worst harangues 	0
a dim-witted pairing 	0
of a phonograph record 	1
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and 	1
undisputed 	1
the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care . 	0
supremely good 	1
of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at 	1
because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 	0
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- 	1
home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face . 	1
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular 	1
consistently sensitive 	1
plodding , peevish and gimmicky 	0
hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers 	0
delivering in good measure 	1
's uninteresting 	0
though they are having so much fun 	1
prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself 	0
never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 	1
walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked . 	1
carry on their parents ' anguish 	0
is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions 	1
finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 	1
feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic 	0
you will probably like it . 	1
an intriguing species of artifice 	1
to a harrison ford low 	0
it 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience . 	1
create images you wish you had n't seen 	0
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece 	1
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia . 	1
the affable maid 	1
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet . 	0
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing . 	1
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on 	0
creates an impeccable sense of place , 	1
a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot 	0
from films crammed with movie references 	0
ultimately lifeless 	0
trademark misogyny 	0
fiercely clever and subtle film 	1
all unfolds predictably 	0
that memorable , but as downtown 	1
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 	1
triumph 	1
anti-semitism and neo-fascism 	0
, soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . 	1
a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body 	1
examines many different ideas from happiness 	1
as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 	1
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and 	1
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded 	1
robustness 	1
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but 	0
an hour 's worth of actual material 	1
be profane , 	0
anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take 	1
all three women deliver remarkable performances . 	1
set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock 	1
manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust 	1
who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic 	1
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . 	1
probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment 	1
the most excruciating 86 minutes one 	0
instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel 	0
the stuff of lurid melodrama 	1
so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 	0
a genuine love story 	1
'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery 	0
mind and spirit 	1
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . 	0
evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean 	1
the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 	0
its promising cast of characters 	1
itself and retreats 	0
as a hole in the head 	0
with enough energy and excitement 	1
but utterly delightful . 	1
little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff 	0
a mishmash 	0
is handled with intelligence and care 	1
one of the worst movies of the year . 	0
of these despicable characters 	0
seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk . 	0
's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 	0
's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness 	1
's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent 	1
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute 	0
sweeping battle scenes 	1
becoming a christmas perennial 	1
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion . 	1
thoughtful and rewarding glimpse 	1
all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope 	1
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness . 	0
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters 	0
poetry and passion 	1
its many out-sized , 	0
touched 	1
fact , even better 	1
who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . 	1
are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs 	0
out of a cellular phone commercial 	0
it 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing . 	1
seem self-consciously poetic and forced 	0
turned this 	1
limply 	0
street-smart 	1
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters . 	0
all too familiar 	0
its tragic waste of life 	0
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . 	1
works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life 	1
it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 	1
corcuera 's attention to detail 	1
hilary 	1
joy and energy 	1
, welcome to collinwood never catches fire . 	0
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through . 	0
figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 	0
natter 	0
with a sense of wonder 	1
, and intelligent 	1
'' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . 	1
that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern 	1
would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop 	1
are entertaining and audacious moments 	1
need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 	1
a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events 	1
, caring 	1
the comic effects 	1
, lecherous 	0
knee-jerk misogyny 	0
gives a performance that is masterly 	1
their parents , wise folks that they are , read books 	1
necessary and timely one 	1
a gentle , unforced intimacy 	1
the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original 	1
instead , it 'll only put you to sleep . 	0
a very tasteful rock and roll movie 	1
's an excellent 90-minute film 	1
betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work 	0
helluva singer 	1
colorful and 	1
suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 	0
so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it 	0
'' is the operative word for `` bad company 	0
this is a film living far too much in its own head . 	0
to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 	0
a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it 	0
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers 	0
has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran 	1
impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face 	0
thoughtful and unflinching 	1
verve and fun 	1
political and psychological thriller 	1
barely shocking 	0
in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates 	0
the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do 	1
puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery 	0
, earnest and -- sadly -- dull 	0
amusing and unpredictable 	1
showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season 	1
we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at 	0
tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing 	1
the genius 	1
soulless and 	0
the nature of compassion 	1
the phrase ` fatal script error 	0
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers 	0
does n't add up to a whole lot 	0
a grenade with his teeth 	0
preachy 	0
shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers . 	1
racism and 	0
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and 	1
forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already 	0
the cast is top-notch 	1
enough funny 	1
he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . 	1
how low brow it is 	0
electric 	1
this erotic cannibal movie is boring 	0
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters . 	1
's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life 	0
falls flat as thinking man 	0
a fascinating little thriller 	1
odd enjoyably 	1
tell you how tedious , 	0
indescribably bad 	0
too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet 	1
sharp movie 	1
the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star 	0
unintentionally 	1
the same old garbage 	0
more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama 	0
makes a melodramatic mountain 	1
inspired dialogue bits 	1
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true . 	0
with bloody beauty as vivid 	1
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it . 	0
pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 	0
messiness 	0
hazy 	0
exquisite acting 	1
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up . 	0
does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal 	0
too long to shake 	0
to be really awful 	0
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture . 	0
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies . 	1
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but 	1
stuffy and 	0
is too blatant 	0
potent chemistry 	1
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film 	0
is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line 	0
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine 	0
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy 	1
's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull . 	0
riveting and handsomely 	1
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution 	1
, comedy and romance 	1
of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless 	0
express warmth and longing 	1
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms 	1
the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo 	1
honest poetry 	1
of intoxicating atmosphere and little else 	0
nervy and 	1
is compelling enough , 	1
humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 	1
throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto 	1
color and depth , 	1
fun-seeking summer audiences 	1
that it ca n't help but engage an audience 	1
's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction 	1
pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice 	0
this delicate coming-of-age tale 	1
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ... 	0
make an excellent companion piece 	1
would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes . 	0
, why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ? 	0
too bland and 	0
amusing juxtapositions 	1
's a fun one . 	1
is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card 	0
wickedly undramatic central theme 	0
you think , zzzzzzzzz 	0
jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 	1
, vaguely silly overkill 	0
accident 	0
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate . 	1
bad mannered 	0
on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi 	1
the film 's most improbable feat ? 	0
deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk 	0
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son . 	1
if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet 	0
darling 	1
bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness 	0
pleasantly and 	1
i do n't think this movie loves women at all . 	0
is well below expectations 	0
fans of critics ' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart . 	1
is , we have no idea what in creation is going on 	0
a good guy 	1
sleepless 	0
whom the 	1
lavish 	1
embarrassed 	0
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable . 	0
is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers 	1
omitted nor a cliché left unsaid 	0
poignant comedy 	1
its sheer dynamism is infectious . 	1
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre . 	1
equally derisive 	0
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but 	0
kindness 	1
her childlike smile 	1
too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present 	0
that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland 	0
so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out 	1
take you to outer space 	1
own tortured psyche 	1
the modern remake of dumas 's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action . 	0
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole . 	0
the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud 	1
a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story . 	1
noise , mayhem and stupidity 	0
to his day job 	1
what 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn . 	1
it 's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . 	0
, shapeless documentary 	0
enjoy on a certain level 	1
it 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . 	0
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s 	0
of her considerable talents 	1
impersonal 	0
the lack of climax and , worst of all 	0
its initial promise 	1
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer . 	1
hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) 	0
from human impulses that grew hideously twisted 	0
you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied 	0
does n't take itself so deadly seriously 	1
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement 	1
enjoyable documentary . 	1
bring something new into the mix 	1
intense political and psychological thriller 	1
it 's up to ( watts ) to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe 	1
bracingly truthful antidote 	1
interesting bit 	1
over-the-top , and 	0
's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles . 	1
hackneyed 	0
leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion 	0
loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	0
one of the funnier movies 	1
is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 	0
injects just enough freshness into the proceedings 	1
making reference to other films and trying to be other films 	0
not smart 	0
is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure ! 	0
no chemistry or 	0
an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been 	0
lush 	1
, luridly colored , 	0
is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us 	0
once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ... 	0
a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss 	1
this is a movie full of grace and , 	1
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total 	0
a sick and evil woman 	0
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and 	0
in a thriller , and the performances 	1
interesting slice 	1
muddled 	0
once intimate and universal cinema 	1
bo derek made the ridiculous bolero 	0
cruel and 	0
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , 	0
wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 	0
would stoop so low 	0
somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them 	0
passionate 	1
devastating , eloquent clarity 	1
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , 	1
unpaid intern 	0
it is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished . 	0
its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros 	1
disconcertingly slack 	0
wonderful life 	1
distinctly minor effort 	0
opposed to the manifesto 	1
all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 . 	0
that work -- is charming , is moving 	1
bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some 	1
this u-boat does n't have a captain . 	0
a convincing one 	1
is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives . 	0
is n't something to be taken seriously 	0
entirely infantile 	0
for great cinema 	1
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking 	1
dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important 	0
too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . 	0
own meager weight 	0
easy feel-good sentiments 	1
a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill 	1
a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) 	0
unlikable , uninteresting 	0
than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach 	0
for us 	1
too weak 	0
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' 	1
one funny popcorn 	1
warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality 	1
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going . 	0
could have been crisper and punchier 	0
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script . 	0
clearly a manipulative film 	1
thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 	1
astonishing 	1
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action . 	0
been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant 	0
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing 	1
a powerful drama 	1
genuinely moving and 	1
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate 	0
is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term . 	1
both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable 	0
awkward 	0
truly distinctive and 	1
playful 	1
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and 	1
offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us 	1
it 's an utterly static picture 	0
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible . 	1
more like the pilot episode of a tv series 	0
dismissed as mindless 	0
that 's why sex and lucia is so alluring . 	1
obvious . 	0
very best 	1
`` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses 	1
a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped 	0
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble . 	1
goofball action comedy 	1
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and 	1
it 's crafty , energetic and smart 	1
inventive , fun 	1
all in all , a great party 	1
live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve 	1
is all over the place 	0
's not very good either 	0
everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film . 	1
if you have the patience for it 	0
rounded and revealing overview 	1
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun 	1
it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame . 	1
clarke-williams 's 	1
has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery 	0
intimidated by both her subject matter 	0
leaden as the movie sputters 	0
playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper 	1
than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script 	1
go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches 	1
weird , wonderful 	1
( gosling 's ) combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character . 	1
despite the film 's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity . 	1
sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half 	1
precious 	1
old bad trip 	0
, it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust . 	1
so tedious 	0
goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and 	1
as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine 	0
embraced 	1
dishonest 	0
this beautifully animated epic is never dull . 	1
a phlegmatic bore 	0
's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 	1
scherfig , the writer-director 	1
standard horror flick formula 	0
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip 	1
thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes 	1
lacking 	0
nothing but boilerplate clichés from start 	0
profanity and violence 	0
a vivid , sometimes surreal 	1
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films 	0
handled correctly 	1
encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be 	1
by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him 	0
deniro 's once promising career 	0
a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped 	0
remote , emotionally distant piece 	0
disarmingly 	1
direct-to-video/dvd category 	0
they wo n't much care about 	0
halfwit plot 	0
a small but rewarding comedy 	1
a great , participatory spectator sport . ' 	1
than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	0
more revealing , more emotional 	1
does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject 	0
of joyful solo performance 	1
respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it 	1
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery 	1
while you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet , you 're a jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . '' 	0
, with enough negatives 	0
it 's not a motion picture ; 	0
to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles 	1
with originality , humor and pathos 	1
, it is worth searching out . 	1
overwrought , 	0
the beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice . 	0
while his characters are acting horribly 	0
with such life-embracing spirit 	1
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and 	1
equally beautiful , self-satisfied 	1
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off 	0
thinly sketched story 	0
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative . 	1
excels in spectacle and pacing 	1
lacks the charisma and ability 	0
, we hope it 's only acting . 	1
has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises 	1
feels five hours long 	0
is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans . 	1
hey everybody , wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? 	0
mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 	0
it 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 	0
unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie 	0
sincere performance 	1
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak . 	1
to keel over 	0
bittersweet film 	1
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big 	1
makes you feel genuinely good 	1
's understanding of the expressive power of the camera . 	1
an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves 	0
were worried 	0
this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth 	0
humanize its subject 	1
this good 	1
provocative film 	1
about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come . 	1
david spade as citizen kane ? 	0
touching drama 	1
to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets 	1
though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times 	1
that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 	1
a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget 	1
medicine 	1
that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , 	0
lives up 	1
making moving pictures today 	1
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie 	0
makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing 	1
are up to the task 	1
unamusing 	0
the rarest kinds 	1
rich in shadowy metaphor 	1
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up . 	1
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal . 	0
get this thing over with 	0
who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up 	1
susan 	1
true-blue delight . 	1
the gags 	1
the film has a problem 	0
power and grace 	1
irritating display 	0
it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 	1
musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets 	0
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably 	1
to blue hilarity 	1
with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances 	1
love the music 	1
toward keeping the picture compelling 	1
it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead 	0
fustily tasteful 	1
nair 's attention to detail 	1
puts history in perspective 	1
dishonest and 	0
has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script 	1
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots 	0
was n't feeling any of it 	0
satisfying entertainment 	1
adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover 	1
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it 	1
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and 	1
a moral tale 	1
secondhand material 	0
presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? ' 	1
i can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . 	1
has all the outward elements of the original 	1
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , 	1
wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd 	0
ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution 	0
a grenade 	0
too mainstream 	0
, dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 	1
even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . 	1
it does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject . 	0
kind , unapologetic , 	1
like time fillers between surf shots 	0
it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters . 	1
a rich visual clarity and deeply 	1
rare for any movie 	1
grasping actors ' workshop that it is 	0
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , 	1
cleansing 	1
a gem 	1
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film 	1
, its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ... 	1
should strike a nerve in many 	0
in reverse 	1
argentine retread 	0
a comedy , both gentle and biting 	1
is its personable , amusing cast . 	1
an old-fashioned drama 	1
daft 	0
that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster 	0
that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script 	1
is a triumph of imagination 	1
, it 's black hawk down with more heart . 	1
too evident 	0
is way too stagy 	0
'm afraid . 	0
the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line 	0
is wholly unconvincing 	0
its script and execution 	1
shoot it in the head 	0
stalking 	0
done with noticeably less energy and imagination 	0
ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches 	0
intriguing and 	1
perfectly pitched web 	1
makes it work more than it probably should 	1
schindler 's 	1
sharp 	1
an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream 	0
takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it 	1
rises to its clever what-if concept 	1
cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials 	0
given audiences 	1
used soap 	0
'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't . 	0
20th 	1
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina . 	0
it 's worth the concentration . 	1
unlikable characters and 	0
to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness 	0
sweetly conspiratorial 	1
that trademark grin 	1
hollywood magic 	1
cruel but weirdly likable 	1
moving 	1
is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all 	1
it ai n't art , by a long shot , 	0
're gon na like this movie . 	1
this would-be ` james bond for the extreme generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie . 	0
cliches and 	0
( woo 's ) most resonant film since the killer . 	1
nominated for an oscar next year 	1
eastwood is off his game 	0
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed 	0
satisfyingly 	1
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary 	1
a head-turner 	1
is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . 	0
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation . 	1
could be so flabby 	0
musty 	0
the extent to which it succeeds 	1
disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep 	0
spot on 	1
schizo cartoon 	0
gives an intriguing twist 	1
conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here 	0
masterfully calibrated psychological thriller 	1
nearly as dreadful 	0
in the worst sense of the expression 	0
thriller 	1
fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd . 	1
tasty and sweet 	1
is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky 	1
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . 	1
all the comic possibilities of its situation 	1
his most personal work yet . 	1
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom 	1
astounding performance 	1
3000 	1
gets us 	1
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah 	0
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . 	0
would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary 	0
can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody 	1
an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated 	1
stereotypes 	0
lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing . 	0
avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	0
the small moments 	1
is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed tosca that you want . 	1
effective portrait 	1
an interesting topic 	1
do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 	0
idling in neutral 	0
is a film living far too much in its own head 	0
shooting itself in the foot 	0
capped with pointless extremes 	0
a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 	1
as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema 	1
with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television 	0
complex than your average film 	1
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless 	0
's boring 	0
as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth 	1
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation 	0
its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches 	0
spot-on scottish burr 	1
true-blue 	1
'm giving it a strong thumbs up 	1
the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted 	1
the year 's greatest adventure , 	1
against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except 	0
clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined 	0
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces 	1
starts slowly , but adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying 	1
doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	0
strictly a-list players 	1
a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement 	1
integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape 	1
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound . 	0
how bad an actress she is 	0
it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen . 	1
manages , with terrific flair , 	1
something of a public service 	1
, hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial . 	0
, it does n't work . 	0
takes you by the face , 	1
is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors 	1
just ca n't tear himself away from the characters 	1
the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up 	0
this story is really all about 	1
distinctive discourse 	0
an annoying orgy 	0
have no bearing on the story 	0
rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . 	1
are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . 	1
to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material 	0
the innocence 	1
a nice change of mindless pace in collision 	1
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit . 	0
puportedly `` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face . 	0
the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live 	1
their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 	0
's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity . 	0
while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades . 	1
contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays . 	1
actually thrilled 	1
with zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies ? 	0
the film works well enough to make it worth watching 	1
predictable romantic comedy 	0
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense . 	1
mystical 	1
given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties 	0
vacuous 	0
video-cam footage 	0
padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation 	0
slight but 	0
old-fashioned-movie movie 	1
strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression . 	0
captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty 	1
black-and-white inspires 	1
fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique . 	1
the looseness of the piece 	0
tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it 	0
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life 	0
take before indigestion sets in 	0
when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path 	1
a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form 	1
producer john penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . '' 	1
aware of his own coolness 	1
the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie 	1
top-heavy 	0
some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting 	0
could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . 	0
stirring visual sequence 	1
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 	1
, silly and monotonous 	0
grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces 	0
sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking 	1
learns that believing in something does matter 	1
the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing 	0
well done and perfectly 	1
might be with a large dose of painkillers 	0
without a map 	0
piccoli 	0
they love and make 	1
late-summer 	1
to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely 	0
quality 	1
the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place 	0
for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 	0
is n't much fun 	0
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity 	1
keeping themselves kicking 	1
sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 	0
theater 	1
an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . 	0
a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special . 	0
is a likable story , told with competence 	1
-- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded . 	1
very good acting 	1
that may make you hate yourself for giving in 	0
of small-town competition 	1
makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering 	1
with the subject of love head-on 	1
makes oliver far more interesting 	1
a compelling and horrifying story 	1
it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way 	0
the lousy lead performances 	0
awe and affection -- 	1
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre . 	1
standard slasher flick 	0
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results . 	1
`` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 	0
cute frissons 	1
is no foundation for it 	0
to mesmerize , astonish and entertain 	1
simply , and surprisingly , 	1
more meaningful 	1
shrill and soporific 	0
has popped up with more mindless drivel 	0
smart , funny and 	1
the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful . 	1
able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable 	1
valuable 	1
deliciously 	1
have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera 	1
a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional 	0
succeeds in making us believe 	1
puts an exclamation point on the fact 	1
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this 	0
elephant feces 	0
it takes your breath away 	1
, the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing . 	1
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... 	1
in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion 	0
television screen 	1
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence . 	0
an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been . 	0
the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen 	0
without sham the raw-nerved story 	1
as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth 	1
lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships . 	0
pretty valuable 	1
something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel 	0
real-life persona 	1
not all of the stories work and the ones that do 	0
impart a message 	1
hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter 	0
baroque beauty 	1
to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences 	1
represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director 	1
is a pleasant enough dish . 	1
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often . 	0
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but 	1
satisfying niblet 	1
there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all . 	1
i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike 	0
then go see this delightful comedy . 	1
appropriate 	1
should see this movie 	1
, cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 	1
doomed by its smallness 	0
does n't reveal even a hint of artifice 	0
derive from this choppy and sloppy affair 	0
dark-as-pitch 	0
some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time 	1
an incoherent jumble 	0
to video 	1
starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel 	1
's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but . 	1
's film ' in the worst sense of the expression 	0
... a light , yet engrossing piece . 	1
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection . 	1
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... 	0
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it . 	1
you can release your pent up anger 	1
some wickedly sick and twisted humor 	1
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound 	0
a minor treat 	1
at the peak of their powers 	1
most poorly staged and lit action 	0
grace and humor 	1
of a travesty of a transvestite comedy 	0
a distinct rarity , and 	1
a moving , if uneven , success 	1
... in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes . 	0
offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . 	1
unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache 	1
your kids 	1
normally could n't care less 	0
that deserves more than a passing twinkle 	1
bold choices 	1
is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back . 	1
deeply unpleasant experience 	0
no apparent reason except 	0
tawdry trash 	0
eclipses 	1
revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement 	1
amusing , let alone funny 	1
a sleeper success 	1
the worst movie 	0
short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil 	1
what 's the russian word for wow !? ' 	1
for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) 	1
dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted 	0
a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone 	1
as if drop dead gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition . 	0
gedeck , 	0
mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another 	0
unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance 	1
top shelf 	1
afraid of the bad reviews 	0
in this forgettable effort 	0
has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making 	1
what an idea 	1
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , 	0
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore 's the scarlet letter . 	0
a wet burlap sack 	0
that the entire exercise has no real point 	0
loathsome movie 	0
snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza 	1
the ya-ya sisterhood 	1
an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes 	0
looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale 	0
i 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time . 	1
these women 's souls right open 	1
a naturally funny film , 	1
rich performances 	1
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . 	1
material this rich 	1
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst . 	1
earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones 	1
you could change tables 	1
all sing beautifully and act adequately . 	1
as thought-provoking 	1
up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick 	0
ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 	0
of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	1
appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up . 	0
pretty decent little documentary 	1
often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy 	0
we started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine 	0
hoped i would -- with moist eyes 	1
stinks 	0
warmest 	1
manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal . 	1
choppy ending 	0
spellbinding 	1
unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 	0
as simultaneously funny , offbeat 	1
entertained 	1
cheesy screenplay 	0
can smell the grease on the plot 	0
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids 	0
a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely 	0
albeit a visually compelling one 	1
overly convenient plot twists 	0
a big-budget/all-star movie 	1
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls . 	0
that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book 	1
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , 	1
that it 's far too sentimental 	0
that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him 	1
frighteningly fascinating contradiction 	1
quality twist 	1
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity . 	0
anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts 	1
the salton sea works the way a good noir should 	1
golden 	1
a rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest . 	1
pacino is the best he 's been in years 	1
goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . 	0
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking 	1
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease . 	1
that things fall apart 	0
chilling advantage 	1
made a walk to remember a niche hit 	1
while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . 	0
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- 	1
unbearably lame . 	0
a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit 	0
the problem with movies about angels 	0
inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers 	1
digital 	1
lethargic 	0
out of reach 	0
utterly charming 	1
two gifted performers 	1
... the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` never again . '' 	0
delivers the same old bad trip 	0
sending the audience 	1
with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage 	1
call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message . 	0
might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john 	0
works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh . 	1
touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot 	1
its ludicrous and contrived plot 	0
the film is well under way -- 	1
but what is missing from it all is a moral . 	0
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine 	0
gripping documentary 	1
this unimaginative comedian 	0
septic 	0
a keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters . 	1
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever 	0
directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made 	1
lets things peter out midway 	0
as a serious drama about spousal abuse 	1
most audacious , outrageous 	1
to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) 	1
, we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching . 	1
this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny . 	1
is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . 	1
accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel 	0
never inspires more than an interested detachment . 	0
the wanton slipperiness of * corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art . 	1
sulky teen drama 	0
being memorable 	1
, here 's a fun one . 	1
exhilarating place 	1
, getting there is not even half the interest . 	0
hack 	0
is exceedingly pleasant , 	1
collateral 	1
solidly entertaining and moving family drama 	1
adding 	1
laugh 	1
brisk hack 	0
deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure 	1
negatives 	0
career 	1
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and 	0
88-minute highlight reel 	0
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods . 	1
but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish 	0
courage and happiness 	1
get made-up and 	1
awakens 	1
beautifully produced 	1
familiar -- and not in a good way 	0
its characterization of hitler and 	0
have their funny bones tickled 	1
it the adventures of direct-to-video nash 	0
is n't quite 	0
derived from a lobotomy , 	0
does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard 	1
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but 	0
familiar but utterly delightful . 	1
cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy 	0
veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements 	1
there are some laughs in this movie , 	1
the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen 	1
an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters 	1
it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . 	1
at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion . 	0
comes off as a pale successor 	0
reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy 	0
something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities 	0
left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 	0
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career 	1
radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film 	1
to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 	1
goes awry 	0
bibbidy-bobbidi-bland 	0
bogs down in insignificance , 	0
its committed dumbness 	0
ca n't even do that much . 	0
cobbled together out of older movies 	0
real dawns , comic relief 	1
you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz . 	0
feels like very light errol morris 	1
unimpressively fussy 	0
might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine . 	0
created a provocative 	1
of cinematic perfection 	1
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time 	1
bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio . 	1
, badly cobbled look 	0
's back in form , 	1
the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots 	0
loose , unaccountable direction 	0
a good ear for dialogue 	1
tasty and 	1
dramas like this make it human . 	1
's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty . 	1
provides a strong itch to explore more . 	1
is worth the price of admission 	1
smart and taut 	1
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad . 	0
the better of obnoxious adults 	0
a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding 	1
, their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 	0
smarter and more diabolical 	1
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why 	0
might not have noticed 	0
would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways 	0
cheesy backdrops , 	0
it 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter . 	0
the wrong times 	0
one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' 	1
in getting under the skin of her characters 	1
nasty 	0
, provocative drama 	1
and immature provocations 	0
is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness 	0
a chocolate 	1
stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain 	0
whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone 	0
bogs down in genre cliches 	0
's hard to say who might enjoy this 	0
entirely suspenseful , 	1
hard , endearing , caring 	1
the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form . 	1
it 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration . 	1
murphy and owen wilson 	0
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad . 	1
is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . 	0
it goes nowhere 	0
under our skin 	0
decent 	1
otherwise excellent 	1
one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced . 	0
muddy 	0
slick production values and director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing 	1
predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game 	0
that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time 	0
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy 	0
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 	0
a nice little story in the process 	1
way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness 	0
is a vulgar 	0
chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece 	0
interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity 	1
some very good acting , dialogue 	1
it 's a brazenly misguided project 	0
primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of 	1
anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning . 	0
inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth 	1
find a place among the studio 's animated classics 	1
that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing 	0
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie . 	0
a big corner office in hell 	0
on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 	1
smart new comedy 	1
get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy 	0
's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments 	0
too slow for a younger crowd 	0
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable 	1
a long , unfunny one at that 	0
is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love 	1
who comes to america speaking not a word of english 	0
obviously desired 	1
interesting cinematic devices 	1
an uneasy marriage 	0
evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun . 	1
proves as clear and reliable an authority on that 	1
gripping performances by lane and gere 	1
romantics 	1
the name of high art 	1
based on stock clichés 	0
really has no place to go since simone is not real 	0
mind-bending 	1
may scream low budget 	0
is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally . 	0
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , 	0
a high water mark for this genre 	1
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill . 	1
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion . 	1
far more witty 	1
piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying 	1
the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece 	1
as darkly funny , 	1
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition 	0
that made it all work 	1
( a ) real pleasure in its laid-back way . 	1
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions 	1
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm 	1
ill-advised 	0
insane liberties 	0
dreadfully earnest inversion 	0
created a monster 	0
freeman ca n't save it 	0
will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment . 	1
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare . 	0
us is a minor miracle 	1
three hours and with very little story or character 	0
is a feast for the eyes 	1
shot all the way . 	1
her confidence in her material is merited 	1
female friendship that men can embrace and 	1
the intrigue from the tv series 	1
tight and truthful , 	1
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care . 	1
of the big summer movies 	1
wet burlap sack 	0
disguised as a feature film 	0
a welcome lack 	1
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic . 	1
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles ' book does not translate well to the screen . 	0
is more like something from a bad clive barker movie 	0
does 	1
ahola ) 	0
action-packed an experience as a ringside seat 	1
as a castrated 	0
views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point 	1
we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing . 	0
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- 	0
wewannour money back 	0
endlessly challenging 	1
do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director 	0
most touching movie 	1
every articulate player 	1
a fantastic dual performance 	1
, this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . 	1
it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 	0
sweet , 	1
the stunt-hungry dimwits 	0
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here . 	1
, it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch . 	1
be growing 	1
sleekness 	1
about how lame 	0
war 's 	0
to the script 's refusal of a happy ending 	0
if you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , eisenstein delivers . 	1
even that 's too committed . 	0
nalin 	1
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , 	1
the chaos of an urban conflagration 	0
an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type 	0
lower i.q. 	0
the film 's plot may be shallow , but 	0
with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes 	0
that resonate with profundity 	1
viewing in university computer science departments for years to come 	1
a fine 	1
steal your heart away 	1
savvy producer 	1
been too many of these films 	0
from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel 	1
be a most hard-hearted person 	0
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . 	0
into a mundane '70s disaster flick 	0
flashy 	1
indulgent 	1
cultural elite 	1
begin with 	1
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually 	1
corruption 	0
intriguing 	1
as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes 	0
japanese director shohei imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime . 	1
with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie 	1
moments of genuine insight into the urban heart 	1
felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world . 	1
classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' 	1
disturbingly 	0
is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone 	0
never rises to a higher level 	0
clumsy dialogue , 	0
bravo 's 	1
pale , dark beauty 	1
fires the winning shot 	1
there 's no conversion effort 	0
an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 	1
been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf 	0
on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza 	1
throws you for a loop 	0
obvious copy 	0
because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet 	1
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , 	1
than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms 	1
're out there ! '' 	1
would be easy for critics to shred it 	0
star performance 	1
it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	1
gong li and a vivid personality 	1
yes . 	1
wonderfully vulgar 	1
plotless , shapeless 	0
is compelling enough 	1
could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination 	0
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity 	1
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants . 	1
alexander payne 's ode to the everyman 	1
as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries 	1
will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 	0
sports aficionados 	1
moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . 	1
it 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows . 	0
makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend . 	1
take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters 	0
prejudices 	0
unfocused , excruciatingly tedious 	0
drown yourself in a lake 	0
, brutally clueless 	0
dreams , 	1
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat 	1
, and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 	0
truly magical movie 	1
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake . 	0
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring . 	0
created a substantive movie out 	1
are as mushy as peas 	0
, almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises . 	1
handsome and 	1
but it is entertaining on an inferior level . 	1
being wasabi 's big selling point 	1
a playful spirit 	1
overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . 	0
to make us share their enthusiasm 	1
's like dying and going to celluloid heaven 	1
zero-dimensional 	0
good yarn-spinner 	1
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit . 	1
will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker 	1
that you root for throughout 	1
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema 	1
captures the wonders and worries of childhood 	1
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands . 	0
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling 	0
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons . 	1
one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . 	1
is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists 	1
the most depressing movie-going experiences 	0
refreshingly smart and newfangled 	1
is bright and flashy 	1
the acting is fine but 	1
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool 	1
may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not . 	0
woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters 	1
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch 	1
are immaculate 	1
their incessant whining 	0
i like all four of the lead actors a lot 	1
of a golden book sprung to life 	1
the marvelous first 101 minutes 	1
morbid one 	0
's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . 	0
humorless soap opera 	0
genuine and 	1
the holocaust 	0
utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- 	1
excess debris 	0
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama . 	0
irritating ( at least to this western ear ) 	0
a remarkable movie 	1
do a homage 	1
... quite endearing . 	1
than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role 	1
're down 	0
with passable performances from everyone in the cast 	1
keep you watching , as will the fight scenes 	1
torments 	0
, the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery 	0
really rather special 	1
too many pointless situations 	0
works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun 	1
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching 	1
, unfussily poetic 	1
despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks 	0
about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man 	1
by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all 	1
affirming and 	1
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . 	1
a child 's interest and an adult 's patience 	0
sparking 	1
fails to fascinate . 	0
it gets very ugly , very fast 	0
please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel 	1
banal as the telling 	0
conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all 	1
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often . 	1
is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy 	1
dazzling dream 	1
a tired one 	0
bad clive barker movie 	0
the hurried , badly cobbled look 	0
of soft-core twaddle 	0
that you feel like running out screaming 	0
lunacy 	0
any awards 	1
will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot 	0
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and 	0
, beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates . 	1
so devoid of artifice and purpose 	0
do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action 	1
of puerile 	0
devastated 	0
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , 	0
in three words : thumbs friggin ' down 	0
an inferior level 	0
off-putting romantic comedy . 	0
frida with a visual style unique and inherent 	1
own solemn insights 	1
like the best of godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 	1
too sappy for its own good . 	0
smart and dark 	1
found it slow , predictable and not very amusing . 	0
generous and subversive 	1
a mexican soap opera 	0
the film 's considered approach 	1
are odd and pixilated and 	0
the unsung heroes of 20th century 	1
, and for the memorable character creations 	1
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving 	1
so i do n't know what she 's doing in here 	0
looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through 	0
not the great american comedy 	0
not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny 	0
children 's entertainment , superhero comics 	1
this slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon 	1
and rough-hewn vanity project 	0
normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad 	0
if it belongs on the big screen 	1
comfort food 	1
makes this a high water mark for this genre . 	1
far more appealing 	1
it does in trouble every day 	1
indie comedy 	1
a solid , anguished performance 	1
suspenseful enough 	1
what i liked about it 	1
every once in a while a film 	1
the abiding impression 	1
, then triple x marks the spot . 	1
after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling . 	1
, seamless and sumptuous stream 	1
the point of ridiculousness 	0
pessimism 	0
has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society 	1
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema . 	1
only the odd enjoyably chewy lump 	1
situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets 	0
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter 	1
it is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise . 	1
unsatisfying muddle 	0
and it 's a lousy one at that . 	0
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish . 	0
, rohmer 's talky films fascinate me 	1
his slop 	0
of devito 's misanthropic vision 	0
the uncompromising knowledge 	1
has nothing 	0
of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band 	1
sloppiness 	0
our reality tv obsession , and even 	0
recycled plot 	0
smartly written 	1
no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots 	0
want nothing else than to show us a good time 	1
nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair 	1
pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting 	0
it 's better suited for the history or biography channel , 	0
close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be 	0
gives added clout to this doc 	1
has little insight into the historical period and its artists , 	0
vowing , ` 	1
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , 	0
too manipulative 	0
that the e-graveyard 	0
the sum of its pretensions 	0
virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it 	0
fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing 	0
perverse 	0
wilco fans will have a great time 	1
has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point . 	1
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals 	1
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; 	0
gets vivid performances from her cast and 	1
set out to lampoon , anyway . 	0
emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable 	0
hypermasculine 	0
right-thinking ' films 	1
real bump-in - the-night chills 	1
childish things 	0
used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 	0
film school brat 	0
immaculately 	1
guilt-suffused melodrama 	0
is spooky and subtly in love with myth 	1
self-hatred and 	0
from which no interesting concept can escape 	0
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky 	0
sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches 	0
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 	1
with witty dialogue and inventive moments 	1
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise 	1
an oddly winning portrayal 	1
do n't make movies like they used to anymore 	0
satisfying summer 	1
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing . 	1
of its heightened , well-shaped dramas 	1
a battle between bug-eye theater and dead-eye 	0
like a good guy 	1
constrictive 	0
tender and heart-wrenching 	1
watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours 	0
the unacceptable , 	0
this gorgeous epic 	1
does n't quite know how to fill a frame . 	0
re-voiced version 	0
elite 	1
in that are generally not heard on television 	1
is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . 	0
is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 	1
this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor . 	0
is a goofy pleasure 	1
remains mostly undeterminable 	0
bizarre 	0
should serve detention 	0
is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing . 	0
strong narrative 	1
is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . ' 	1
put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life 	0
becomes a testament to faith . 	1
hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 	1
can only be described as sci-fi generic . 	0
burns out 	0
it does have one saving grace . 	1
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo . 	1
satisfyingly scarifying 	1
, enveloping affection 	1
thoughtless , 	0
remarkably cohesive 	1
comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt 	1
a thriller without a lot of thrills . 	0
middle east 	0
the week blown up for the big screen 	0
is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries 	1
of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either 	0
appreciation 	1
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . 	0
any way of gripping what its point is , or 	0
slap her 	0
seeking to pull a cohesive story out 	0
ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up 	0
fast-moving 	1
wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender 	1
offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single . 	0
by and large this is mr. kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since the doors 	1
a florid turn 	0
impressive stagings 	1
immensely appealing couple 	1
manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them 	1
delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story 	1
but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés . 	0
little visible talent and 	0
as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year 	1
interesting and 	1
so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess 	0
iosseliani 	1
mysterious and brutal nature 	0
going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous 	1
it may not be particularly innovative , 	0
an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground 	1
too ludicrous and 	0
against governmental odds 	0
odd and weird . 	0
adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel . 	1
was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash 	0
her cheery and tranquil suburban life 	1
the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure 	1
disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances . 	0
at a bad rock concert 	0
's like an all-star salute 	1
muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 	1
the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness 	0
paints a grand picture of an era 	1
an intelligent , realistic portrayal 	1
ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters 	1
's all quite tasteful to look at 	1
with some powerful people 	1
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius . 	0
funniest film 	1
of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	0
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and 	0
a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	1
remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end 	1
french shocker 	1
it 's simply unbearable 	0
filmmakers and performers of this calibre 	1
the jokes , 	1
pretty decent 	1
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . 	1
sterile 	0
gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms 	1
phlegmatic bore 	0
, bad movie 	0
refresh our souls 	1
unimpeachable clarity 	1
, it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	1
a visionary marvel , 	1
is a lot more bluster than bite 	0
as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow 	0
the compelling historical tale 	1
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) 	1
delicate , clever direction 	1
rock-solid little genre picture 	1
a sturdiness and solidity 	1
plateau 	1
is attractive . 	1
it falls far short of poetry , 	0
sharp and quick documentary 	1
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills 	1
is silly but strangely believable . 	1
it falls short 	0
; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend 	0
found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . 	0
fast-paced and 	1
too silly to take seriously . 	0
i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 	0
not without cheesy fun factor . 	1
enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd 	1
rewarding . 	1
secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting 	1
able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man 	1
cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set 	0
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but 	1
the nation 	1
some remarkable achival film 	1
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league . 	0
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions 	0
the past via surrealist flourishes 	1
pictures 	1
punching up the mix 	1
the sally jesse raphael atmosphere 	0
sunk 	0
the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant 	1
joyless , 	0
a good deal 	1
a thoughtful , emotional movie experience 	1
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose 	0
cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel 	0
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one . 	1
to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good 	1
, it runs for 170 	0
extraordinarily talented 	1
try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 	0
with cardboard characters and performers 	0
anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . ' 	1
rude 	0
stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	1
annoying and artificial 	0
first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 	1
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music . 	1
, the film is extremely thorough . 	1
of ghandi gone bad 	0
soderbergh 's best films , `` 	1
the need for national health insurance 	1
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors 	0
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but 	1
he does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role . 	1
make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come 	1
written , flatly , by david kendall 	0
vividly and 	1
is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 	0
a pleasant distraction 	1
in a poorly 	0
confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually 	1
seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 	0
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies . 	1
it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope . 	1
incongruous 	0
entertainment 	1
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye 	1
are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be 	1
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves 	0
that kate is n't very bright , but 	0
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . 	0
to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours 	1
you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices 	1
was entranced 	1
the limitations of his skill 	0
elevated by michael caine 's performance 	1
its poignant and uplifting story 	1
( davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters . 	0
delivers on that promise . 	1
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy 	1
be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie 	0
chill 	0
yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere 	0
alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary 	1
simply put , `` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece . 	1
enhances the personal touch of manual animation . 	1
directed , barely , by there 	0
is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring . 	0
all portent and no content 	0
aimlessness 	0
atmospheric weirdness 	1
mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo 	1
that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 	0
done way too often 	0
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film . 	0
perfect show 	1
looking at his 12th oscar nomination 	1
seem barely in the same movie 	0
spielberg knows how to tell us about people . 	1
the fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point . 	0
a fragment of an underdone potato 	0
have fun with it 	1
great charm , generosity and diplomacy 	1
falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace 	0
much funnier than anything 	1
the movie 's most admirable quality 	1
the longest 90 minutes 	0
disguising this 	0
pale successor 	0
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice . 	1
a film worth watching 	1
by it -- the kind of movie 	1
excellent 	1
was lazy but enjoyable 	1
what the movie lacks in action 	0
with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing 	1
another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective 	1
, the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , 	0
to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting 	0
gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy 	0
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it . 	0
dramaturgy 	0
odd and 	0
play out realistically if not always fairly 	1
a masterpiece -- and a challenging one 	1
like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . 	0
flaws igby 	0
surehanded 	1
too long and 	0
is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success . 	1
small delights 	1
composed or edited 	0
the best possible ways 	1
hopes and dreams 	1
made watchable by a bravura performance 	1
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming . 	1
is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable 	1
to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat . 	0
a backstage must-see for true fans 	1
enjoyable undercover brother 	1
tremendous , offbeat sense 	1
worse 	0
struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family . 	0
to question why somebody might devote time to see it 	0
's a real shame 	0
an ungainly movie , 	0
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing 	1
to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 	1
a remarkable amount 	1
inventive , 	1
an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers 	0
allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc 	1
unexpected blast 	0
great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art 	1
a vivid imagination and 	1
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth 	1
even better than the first one 	1
you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 	0
almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation 	0
visually engrossing , seldom hammy , 	1
love it , too 	1
take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 	0
weird 	0
does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything . 	0
a rather unique approach 	1
it 's tremendously moving 	1
hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial . 	0
is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence . 	0
best films 	1
completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque . 	0
suspect it might deliver again and again 	1
is a desperate miscalculation 	0
have you talking 'til the end of the year 	1
a sense of action 	1
has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff . 	0
they fascinate in their recklessness . 	1
's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 	0
it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective 	1
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident . 	0
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers 	1
her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style 	1
keep it from being a total rehash 	0
uneven but a lot of fun 	1
hitting your head on the theater seat 	0
an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience 	1
hypocritical work 	0
lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor 	0
laden with plenty of baggage 	0
with complicated plotting and banal dialogue 	0
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 	0
uninspired 	0
just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work 	0
a pleasant piece 	1
an excellent cast 	1
it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism 	0
episode 	1
have an original bone in his body 	0
is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces 	0
feel absolutely earned 	1
slippery slope 	0
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , 	1
all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely . 	1
by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 	1
sickly 	0
impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 	1
probably want to see it twice 	1
by his lack of self-awareness 	0
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- 	1
, it 's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . 	0
that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence 	1
's bright 	1
, the emotions seem authentic 	1
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air . 	1
, ' it also rocks . 	1
life-changing chance encounters 	1
female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor 	1
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- 	0
audacious-impossible 	0
the visual panache 	1
in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life 	0
a more measured or polished production ever could 	1
appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans 	1
a stylish thriller . 	1
the movie is a trove of delights . 	1
constructs 	1
nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit . 	1
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos . 	1
chris 	1
it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all 	1
when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had 	0
it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home 	0
a sly female empowerment movie , 	1
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears 	0
hits the bullseye 	1
with formalist experimentation in cinematic art 	1
's a very sincere work 	1
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... 	0
a dualistic battle between good and evil 	1
unembarrassing but unmemorable 	0
are becoming irritating 	0
expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash 	0
comes together as a coherent whole . 	1
improvement 	1
languishing 	0
even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there 's something vital about the movie . 	1
leblanc thought , `` hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . '' 	0
forget that they are actually movie folk 	1
's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires 	0
rush 	0
is amiss in the world . 	0
overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man 	1
twice as powerful 	1
but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro . 	0
intriguing and stylish . 	1
from the movie gods 	1
( sometimes hilarious ) 	1
reassuring , retro uplifter . 	1
fresh air now and then 	1
to a satisfying crime drama 	1
laugh-out-loud lines 	1
a wonderful , ghastly film . 	1
sell us on this twisted love story 	1
britney 's cutoffs 	0
has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women 	1
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious . 	0
the cliché-riddled genre 	0
certified 	1
straightforward and old-fashioned 	1
` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	1
really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart . 	1
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees 	1
features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 	0
is attractive 	1
is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 	1
amusements 	1
director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema 	1
seem goofy rather than provocative 	0
the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure 	0
something i would rather live in denial about 	0
it ca n't really be called animation 	0
motivated by something more than franchise possibilities 	1
with the lovely hush 	1
roussillon providing comic relief 	1
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence . 	1
of the clients 	1
the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 	0
own fear and paranoia 	0
elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world . 	0
the highest production values 	1
( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all 	0
a breadth of vision 	1
flawless amounts 	1
lush scenery 	1
romantic thriller 	1
dancing 	1
wonderfully creepy mood 	1
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture 	1
a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama 	0
-- if predictable -- 	0
crack a smile at 	1
emphatic 	1
what 's best about 	1
, cultivation and devotion 	1
there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing . 	1
in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned . 	1
surprisingly powerful and universal . 	1
, it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . 	0
who are alternately touching and funny 	1
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and 	0
spirals downward 	0
you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 	0
loves both dance and cinema 	1
i enjoyed barbershop 	1
they do n't fit well together and neither is well told . 	0
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another . 	0
shines like a lonely beacon . 	1
satisfy the boom-bam crowd 	1
pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys 	1
the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams 	0
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved . 	1
for an unfocused screenplay 	0
chaotic 	0
me no lika da accents so good , 	0
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening . 	0
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative . 	1
smeary and blurry 	0
serious 	1
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity . 	0
care too much about this love story 	1
pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society 	1
a visionary marvel 	1
such a mechanical endeavor ( 	1
ca n't stand 	0
tiresomely simpleminded 	0
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold 	1
ultimately tragic 	0
funny scenes 	1
are attached to the concept of loss 	0
hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop 	1
organic 	1
excellent use of music 	1
every conceivable mistake 	0
his intellectual rigor or 	1
not good 	0
recognizable and true 	1
secondary 	0
assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over 	0
the best actor 	1
blab and 	0
marvelous first 	1
jolt you out 	1
one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else . 	0
it takes you somewhere 	1
is it a comedy ? 	0
cry for your money back 	0
airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length 	0
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg 	1
is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless . 	0
kline 's superbly nuanced performance 	1
mr. chabrol 's subtlest works 	1
is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 	0
unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- 	0
not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days . 	1
with too little 	0
a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance 	1
an unholy mess 	0
improvised on a day-to-day basis during production 	0
laughable dialogue 	0
a colorful , vibrant introduction 	1
the most creative , energetic and original 	1
's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud 	1
, wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . 	1
befuddled 	0
strangely hollow at its emotional core 	0
, gritty , sometimes funny 	1
stupidity 	0
to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers 	0
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships . 	1
treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects 	0
entertain or 	1
hallmark card sentimentality and 	0
and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today . 	1
it made me feel unclean , and i 'm the guy who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies . 	0
substitutable 	0
is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 	1
a rich and intelligent film 	1
get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone . 	0
tacky nonsense 	0
pass up 	0
to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play 	0
on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis 	0
certainly 	1
it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 	1
generic villains 	0
of a good cast 	1
parker 's creative interference 	1
actually amusing 	1
shockingly manages to be even worse than its title 	0
certainly 	1
convincing intelligence 	1
timeless and unique 	1
a terrible movie , just 	0
the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 	0
than julie taymor 's preposterous titus 	0
of our best actors 	1
auschwitz 	0
special qualities 	1
a lovely and beautifully photographed romance . 	1
bang your head 	0
tiresomely 	0
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off 	0
fluidity and sense 	1
best man '' 	1
as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . 	1
the story 's promising premise 	1
sloppy , amusing 	1
this is a must ! 	1
who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair 	1
ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing . 	0
so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots . 	0
feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film 	0
a really bad imitation 	0
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists 	0
` cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about 	0
sensational true-crime 	1
advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day 	1
powder blues 	1
sequel-for-the-sake 	0
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral . 	0
call me a cynic , 	0
your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience . 	1
birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost . 	1
the film 's hero is a bore 	0
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative . 	1
romantic crime comedy 	1
is a movie you can trust 	1
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe 	1
no-surprise series 	0
, it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end 	1
the suckers 	0
of substance about a teacher 	1
is as often imaginative as it is gory 	1
parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast 	1
the thrill 	1
a lower i.q. than when i had entered 	0
ranges from bad 	0
presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years 	1
a beyond-lame satire , 	0
the magic 	1
a good race 	1
than either of those films 	0
boorish 	0
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time . 	1
committed performances 	1
a hard time 	0
before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar 	0
to camouflage how bad his movie is 	0
offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility 	0
that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you 	1
top-notch creative team 	1
it 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 . 	0
some problems 	0
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari 's film falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey . 	0
the script ? 	0
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor . 	0
is an interesting movie ! 	1
examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country 	1
leon 	1
was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . 	0
it 's not a great monster movie . 	0
, sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . 	0
the big summer movies 	1
creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity . 	1
touching melodrama 	1
wry observations 	1
in amazement over the fact 	1
an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema 	1
a bunch of strung-together tv episodes 	0
ugly 	0
through dahmer 's two hours 	0
insomnia 	0
gives ample opportunity 	1
's never as solid 	0
bad name 	0
surefire casting 	1
( less a movie than ) 	0
throwing up his hands in surrender 	0
that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit 	0
although estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch . 	1
... a confusing drudgery . 	0
is supremely unfunny and unentertaining 	0
it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them . 	1
the whole enterprise 	1
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . 	1
takes big bloody chomps 	0
like this film 	1
draws us in 	1
's already been too many of these films ... 	0
derivative horror film 	0
it 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout . 	1
the best and most mature comedy 	1
individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing 	1
remains prominent , 	1
is an amicable endeavor 	1
one resurrection too many . 	0
of weird performances and direction 	0
great film noir 	1
do n't care to understand 	0
is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety . 	0
of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it 	1
clotted 	0
an amazing slapstick 	1
seems more tacky and reprehensible , 	0
comic possibilities 	1
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails . 	1
a black hole of dullness 	0
still leaves shockwaves 	1
the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy 	1
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and 	0
uses grant 's own twist of acidity 	1
hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling 	1
yourself praying for a quick resolution 	0
is appealing . 	1
a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , 	1
things interesting 	1
of lo mein and general tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it 	0
a well-executed spy-thriller . 	1
children 's entertainment , superhero comics , 	1
more emotional 	1
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence . 	0
a formula comedy redeemed by its stars 	1
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . 	0
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected . 	0
a fascinating glimpse of urban life and 	1
can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . 	1
the biggest problem 	0
gags to break the tedium 	0
's a terrible movie in every regard 	0
a cheap , ludicrous attempt 	0
wit to keep parents away from the concession stand 	1
is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him 	1
with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera 	1
bound to show up at theaters for it 	1
pizazz 	1
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up 	1
should have been made for the tube 	0
told a nice little story in the process 	1
abuse 	0
disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious 	1
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and 	1
it a comic book with soul 	1
a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 	1
not-so-bright mother and daughter 	0
even better 	1
circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . 	0
multi-layered 	1
certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department 	0
, should scare any sane person away . 	0
, creativity , and fearlessness 	1
oh , james ! 	1
trashy teen-sleaze equivalent 	0
that try too hard to be mythic 	0
worst of all -- 	0
comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be 	1
feature-length running time 	1
emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them 	1
keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats 	1
the exploitative 	0
a distinct rarity 	1
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief 	1
liked 	1
blazing 	1
tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film 	1
is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers 	0
a great director at the helm 	1
lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed 	1
string together enough charming moments 	1
so many red herrings 	0
kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book 	0
incredibly inane 	0
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and 	0
sappy as big daddy 	0
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised . 	1
you love the music 	1
's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look 	1
who 's being conned right up to the finale 	1
unabashed sweetness 	1
sordid and disgusting 	0
valid 	1
his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic 	0
to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else 	0
psychologically 	1
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book 	0
he 's got as potent a topic as ever here 	1
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy 	0
coffee 	1
would seem to be surefire casting 	1
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle . 	0
but unfortunately also 	0
of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears 	1
funny situations and honest observations 	1
outstanding performance 	1
cliché-laden screenplay 	0
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker 	1
be white-knuckled and unable to look away 	1
for deft punctuation 	1
a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings 	0
's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through 	0
of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans 	1
break 	0
a compelling pre-wwii drama 	1
the dispassionate gantz brothers 	0
's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations 	1
too campy to work as straight drama 	0
going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about 	0
's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments 	1
is n't much fun . 	0
bring off this kind of whimsy 	1
floundering 	0
, but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity . 	1
prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms 	0
its splendor 	1
to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest 	0
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 	0
boring 	0
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments . 	1
an uplifting , 	1
am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies 	1
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy 	1
strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 	1
an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence 	1
this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better . 	0
as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting 	0
, not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both . 	0
a been-there 	0
sort of amazing 	1
shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting . 	0
deep inside righteousness 	1
the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes 	0
is somehow making its way instead to theaters 	0
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me 	0
almost saccharine domestic interludes 	1
a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins 	0
all of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . 	0
me want to pack raw dough in my ears 	0
this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . 	0
by uneven dialogue and plot lapses 	0
the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own . 	0
earnest as a community-college advertisement 	0
a wholesome fantasy for kids 	1
best irish sense 	1
flaccid satire and what 	0
's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism 	0
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace 	0
of an adoring , wide-smiling reception 	1
easy to be bored by as your abc 's 	0
under-rehearsed and 	0
utterly ridiculous 	0
odd and pixilated 	0
because there 's no rooting interest 	0
grown-up voice 	1
though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament . 	1
painfully slow 	0
a true 	1
comedy since being john malkovich 	1
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , 	1
truth 	1
's not only dull because we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed 	0
that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy 	0
a watch 	1
simply stupid , 	0
hurts to watch 	0
picked me up 	1
celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music 	1
tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage . 	1
damned 	0
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise 	1
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . 	0
spooks 	0
, rent the disney version . 	0
is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city . 	1
get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show 	1
another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix 	1
has its rewards 	1
genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama 	1
quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time 	1
` linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... ' 	0
stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable 	0
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , 	0
is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	1
's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs 	1
think they 	0
a tribute 	1
uptight 	0
a trove 	1
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . ' 	0
with just as much intelligence 	1
surprising highs , 	1
to see three splendid actors 	1
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard . 	0
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 	1
could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot 	0
hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart 	1
a film that relies on personal relationships 	1
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon 	1
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent . 	1
intellectually and logistically 	1
to gluing you to the edge of your seat 	1
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project 	0
you wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies . 	1
real-life strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders . 	0
freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box 	1
it ends up being surprisingly dull 	0
the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying 	1
be better to wait for the video 	0
something more user-friendly 	0
heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene 's story ends 	1
for putting together any movies of particular value or merit 	1
smart and fun , but far more witty 	1
the vagueness of topical excess 	0
degraded things 	0
family drama 	1
the funniest motion 	1
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity . 	0
if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 	0
with an inauspicious 	0
( and lovely 	1
likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ? 	1
continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage . 	0
shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	1
toilet humor , 	0
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm 	1
the long-faced sad sack 	0
the finest films of the year 	1
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy 	1
undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject 	0
one of the year 's best 	1
originality 	1
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied 	1
lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary 	0
she fails to provoke them . 	0
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious 	1
this equally derisive clunker 	0
by which time it 's impossible to care who wins 	0
is more interesting ( and funnier ) 	1
this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end 	1
is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless . 	1
any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships 	0
is a great yarn 	1
serenity and discipline 	1
unpretentious 	1
most purely enjoyable 	1
's kinda dumb 	0
who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows 	1
about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor 	1
come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes 	0
could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron 	1
of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen 	1
yiddish stage 	1
weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 	0
cranky adults 	0
a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity 	1
serviceability , but 	0
perfectly entertaining 	1
of an already obscure demographic 	0
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but 	1
gary larson 's far side humor 	1
hit that may strain adult credibility . 	0
'll love it and 	1
, wide-smiling reception 	1
the acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff . 	0
keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 	0
its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length 	0
loves them 	1
of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream 	0
a guilty pleasure to watch 	1
uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . 	1
's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese . 	0
intellectual masterpieces 	1
eyes 	1
of your eyes 	1
left a few crucial things out 	0
that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style 	1
egocentricities 	0
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue . 	0
a cheap cliché 	0
fairly involving as far as it goes 	1
a delightfully dour , deadpan tone 	1
combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction 	0
devoted to the insanity of black 	0
it has plenty of laughs . 	1
not-very-funny comedy 	0
her skin 	1
is grossly contradictory 	0
unimaginatively foul-mouthed 	0
becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair . 	0
most impressive player 	1
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . 	1
an 88-minute rip-off 	0
a treat 	1
is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment . 	1
its one good idea 	1
of california 	1
is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients 	1
the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable 	0
across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle 	1
workplace ambition 	1
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves 	0
wishy-washy melodramatic movie 	0
as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes 	1
critics be damned . 	1
of love , longing , and voting 	1
love it 	1
it 's a sit down and ponder affair 	1
that good 	1
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . 	1
completely forgettable 	0
uncompromising , difficult and 	0
underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community 	1
light-hearted profile 	1
a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition 	0
undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution 	1
cool event 	1
the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 	0
more likely to induce sleep than fright 	0
cheap-looking version 	0
winner 	1
, wall-to-wall good time 	1
lovely flakiness 	1
a filmmaker of impressive talent 	1
eloquent , deeply felt 	1
it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with 	0
an extreme action-packed film 	1
understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal 	1
to convince us of that all on their own 	1
most watchable film 	1
that criticizing feels more like commiserating 	0
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her . 	1
enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary . 	1
compulsively watchable 	1
turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long 	0
a shrewd and effective film 	1
too difficult 	0
independent-community guiding lights 	1
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did 	1
a smart , 	1
against all odds 	1
a stable-full of solid performances 	1
a finely written 	1
the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating 	1
astonishingly 	1
, `` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece . 	1
, provocative 	1
a light , yet engrossing piece . 	1
of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality 	1
of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one 	0
essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty . 	1
with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness 	1
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that 	0
a delightfully dour , 	1
is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie 	0
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty 	1
which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 	0
has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ... 	1
sustain a reasonable degree of suspense 	1
pummel us with phony imagery or music 	0
that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice 	0
mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos 	1
above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 	1
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny . 	1
with a cause 	1
a backstage must-see 	1
has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy 	1
off 	0
-- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- 	1
losing his touch 	0
is ) a fascinating character , and 	1
best ensemble casts 	1
this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are . 	1
suspense , surprise 	1
characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 	1
wild-and-woolly 	1
smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be . 	1
the pleasure of his sounds and images 	1
should never , ever , 	0
, uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd 	0
formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement 	1
entertains not 	0
, the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , 	1
of this year 's very best pictures 	1
the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them . 	0
tepid and tedious 	0
could easily wait for your pay per view dollar 	0
the best way 	1
also rocks 	1
it 's pauly shore awful . 	0
a fresh , entertaining comedy 	1
well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six . 	0
the relentless gaiety 	0
the film its flaws 	0
the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 	0
breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers 	1
the gutless direction 	0
nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . 	1
is a superior horror flick 	1
most genuinely sweet films 	1
dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters 	1
cloying messages 	0
's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 	0
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , 	0
hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances 	0
a flat script and a low budget 	0
poetry in motion 	1
love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut 	1
painfully 	0
is beginning to feel 	1
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise . 	1
a crowd-pleaser , but then 	1
also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth 	1
like an extreme action-packed film 	1
generally light enough 	1
look at morality , family , and social expectation 	1
hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 	0
the courage of its convictions 	1
the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay 	1
is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride 	0
, it throws you for a loop . 	1
flashy editing style 	1
of parental failings 	0
much tongue in cheek in the film 	1
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity 	0
the story plays out slowly , 	0
worthwhile documentary 	1
is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction 	0
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature . 	1
into brutally labored and unfunny hokum 	0
diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master 	0
... spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around ) 	1
city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast . 	0
comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . 	0
, easily substitutable 	0
is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously . 	0
this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment . 	1
that and it 's what makes their project so interesting 	1
's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer 	1
is downright doltish and uneventful 	0
decent material 	1
his latest effort , 	1
deadpan tone 	0
like the best 60 minutes exposé , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . 	1
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess . 	0
the dreams of youth 	1
unfortunately , carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg . 	0
, it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss . 	1
embrace small , sweet ` evelyn 	1
admirable quality 	1
a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll 	1
a slight but sweet film . 	1
engaging offbeat touches 	1
's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long 	0
, it offers hope 	1
an especially well-executed television movie 	1
... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . 	0
this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 	1
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , 	1
a great deal 	1
a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world 	1
faithful portraiture 	1
a well-made and satisfying thriller 	1
frustrating ` tweener ' 	0
slap 	0
, it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . 	1
is a hilarious place to visit 	1
it labors as storytelling . 	0
wow fans 	1
a hoot in a bad-movie way 	0
overlong and 	0
've got something pretty damn close 	1
it might not be 1970s animation , 	0
a feel-good movie that 	1
who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies 	1
actually hurts to watch . 	0
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse 	0
contemporary southern adolescence 	1
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama 	0
a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes 	1
gets tiresome 	0
are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence . 	0
nazi politics and aesthetics 	0
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft . 	0
even a must-see 	1
lighting that emphasizes every line and sag 	0
is great 	1
bring on the sequel . 	1
catapulting the artist into her own work 	1
confusing on one level or another 	0
refreshingly clear 	1
's easy to like and always 	1
, builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with 	1
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused . 	1
instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy 	1
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough . 	0
perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty 	1
fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere 	0
sets out to entertain and 	1
wonderful thing 	1
you wish had been developed with more care 	0
down on their working-class subjects 	0
stale gags 	0
cold , pretentious , 	0
to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism 	0
one of the best films 	1
much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay 	0
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming . 	0
to keep our interest 	1
undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references 	1
the screen in frustration 	0
is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about . 	0
is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted . 	1
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating . 	0
demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 	1
invited to the party 	1
only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny 	0
stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 	0
for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters 	1
drag on 	0
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope . 	1
worked wonders 	1
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake . 	0
the holes in this film remain agape -- 	0
if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	0
however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 	0
if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging 	1
more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds 	0
remarkably accessible and haunting 	1
too much kid-vid 	0
fessenden continues to do interesting work , 	1
i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon . 	1
ultimately unpredictable 	1
enjoyed 	1
unemployment 	0
more than she can handle 	0
a spontaneity 	1
be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption 	0
moving and not infrequently breathtaking 	1
it 's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins . 	1
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry . 	1
cautions 	0
with imbecilic mafia 	0
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable . 	1
will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor 	0
's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started 	1
ivan is a prince of a fellow 	1
has virtually nothing to show 	0
it looks good , 	1
of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding 	1
the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart 	1
makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here 	0
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him 	1
oddly humorous 	1
heady , biting , be-bop 	1
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way . 	1
might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts 	0
sharp as a samurai sword 	1
it 's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work . 	1
hits a nerve 	0
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense 	0
transcends 	1
than most third-rate horror sequels 	0
does n't work . 	0
in a collectively stellar performance 	1
silly rather than 	0
seen some bad singer-turned actors 	0
a definitive counter-cultural document 	1
paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , 	1
a fragile framework 	0
plotting and mindless action 	0
a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song 	0
is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . 	0
you 're an agnostic carnivore 	0
to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 	1
able to tear their eyes away from the screen 	1
fare with real thematic heft 	1
new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief 	1
full of stunning images and effects 	1
savvy director robert j. siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense . 	1
bad love 	1
but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care . 	1
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most . 	1
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive . 	1
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power 	1
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... 	1
made me want to scream 	0
dicaprio 's best performance 	1
for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach 	0
neither original 	0
about the worst thing 	0
out-bad-act the other 	0
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination 	1
cinematic touchstone 	1
fairly weak retooling 	0
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills . 	0
is n't that funny 	0
it 's a loathsome movie , 	0
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes 	1
this film : honest 	1
a haunting ode to humanity 	1
lowly studio hack 	0
the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time 	0
pallid 	0
authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study 	0
lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics . 	0
is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . 	1
slaloming through its hackneyed elements 	0
the english call ` too clever by half 	1
certainly ranks as the most original in years . 	1
read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame 	0
ambiguous enough to be engaging and 	1
outstanding 	1
humor , verve and fun 	1
... a guiltless film for nice evening out . 	1
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . 	0
the comic touch 	1
it won -- and wins still 	1
, you 'd better have a good alternative 	0
climactic setpiece 	1
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control 	1
as it is instructive 	1
argento 	1
, secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way . 	1
of inept filmmaking 	0
is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 	0
exploitative for the art houses and 	0
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving 	1
labute continues to improve . 	1
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat . 	0
pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon 	1
the most poorly staged and lit action 	0
all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons 	1
high-strung 	0
effective in all its aspects 	1
can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . ' 	1
is an inspirational love story , 	1
frustrating misfire 	0
's a good yarn-spinner 	1
the great films about movie love 	1
, unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke . 	0
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance . 	0
the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez 	0
exploitation 	0
upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	0
reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one 	1
ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike 	0
designed to fill time , 	0
conventional thriller 	1
the disappointingly generic nature 	0
an important movie 	1
to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' 	1
, awe-inspiring visual poetry 	1
self-centered 	0
soulful nuances 	1
its recycled aspects , implausibility , 	0
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and 	1
starting 	1
riveting and surprisingly romantic ride 	1
the right choices 	1
's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory 	0
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic . 	0
unforced , rapid-fire delivery 	1
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool 	0
every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage 	0
particularly joyless 	0
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise . 	1
the funnier movies 	1
wooden performances 	0
self-promotion ends and 	1
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers . 	0
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ... 	0
has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , 	1
demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 	1
most enchanting film 	1
( siegel ) and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie . 	0
agile 	1
cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma 	1
the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode 	0
seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation 	0
from each film 	1
soulful , scathing and 	1
, avarice and damaged dreams 	0
an abyss 	0
wisdom and humor 	1
well worth revisiting as many times 	1
, he has at least one more story to tell : his own . 	1
we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show 	0
adds enough quirky and satirical touches 	1
have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale 	1
the best little `` horror '' movie 	1
it 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space 	1
this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel 	0
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie . 	0
, secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . 	1
of scorn 	0
the finest kind 	1
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours . 	1
, it has a genuine dramatic impact 	1
the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot 	0
the art direction is often exquisite 	1
fun and nimble . 	1
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 	0
's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect 	1
caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion 	1
yes , soar . 	1
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary . 	1
is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 	1
odd movies 	0
can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down . 	0
reach a truly annoying pitch 	0
o matter how much good will the actors generate 	1
offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment 	1
the outstanding thrillers of recent years 	1
dumb down 	0
generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series 	0
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 	0
graphic violence 	0
we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire 	0
is smart and entirely charming 	1
is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it . 	0
a hilarious kenneth branagh 	1
tender and 	1
spirited film 	1
's a dark , gritty story 	1
the slippery slope of dishonesty 	0
an adorably whimsical comedy 	1
it might have been 	0
addictive 	1
swings and jostles 	1
what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes 	1
pleasing 	1
so uninspiring 	0
touching and 	1
genial romance 	1
onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless 	0
charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie . 	1
even at its worst , it 's not half-bad . 	1
it looks good , sonny , 	1
make a huge action sequence as any director 	1
time bombs and 	0
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . 	0
promising work-in-progress 	1
folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either 	0
to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 	0
does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds 	1
a pale successor 	0
elegantly appointed period drama 	1
captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it 	1
is as difficult for the audience to take as it 	0
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family . 	1
has really found his groove these days . 	1
impressive and highly entertaining celebration 	1
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome . 	0
interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side 	1
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary . 	0
cliche 	0
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but 	0
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through 	0
has far more energy 	1
on dave barry 's popular book of the same name 	1
a heartfelt romance 	1
devoid of joy and energy 	0
a rehash of every gangster movie 	0
to the edge of their seats 	1
is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you . 	0
of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation 	1
sealed in a jar 	0
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 	1
to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents 	0
that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness 	0
to great performances 	1
charged music to the ears of cho 's fans . 	1
as a numbingly dull experience 	0
left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism 	0
offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar . 	0
admirable energy , 	1
milquetoast 	0
a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing 	1
seem heroic deserves a look . 	1
proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances 	1
hit 	1
terrific 10th-grade learning tool 	1
sobering , heart-felt drama 	1
enjoyed . 	1
's a sheer unbridled delight in the way 	1
what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking . 	1
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and 	0
prove more distressing 	0
stuffy , full of itself 	0
flourishes 	1
like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood . 	0
mr. clooney , mr. kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster . 	1
could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage 	0
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in 	0
spreads itself too thin 	0
redundancy 	0
good actors , even kingsley , 	1
uninhibited 	1
is n't much better . 	0
and flat-out farce 	0
to a night in the living room than a night at the movies 	0
yet another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 is as generic as its title . 	0
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 	0
good-natured and 	1
a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent 	1
a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another 	0
happiness 	1
's contrived and predictable 	0
the sexual politics too smug 	0
a movie is more than a movie . 	1
is slightly less successful than the first 	0
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse . 	0
a film of epic scale 	1
with an enormous amount of affection 	1
explosive 	1
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . 	0
leaves no southern stereotype unturned 	0
that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times 	1
kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies 	0
communal spirit 	1
's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough 	1
one-of-a-kind 	1
a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : 	1
consigned to the dustbin of history 	0
perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff 	0
richly detailed , 	1
, as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable 	0
is so convinced of its own brilliance 	1
to bring something new into the mix 	1
drop your jaw 	1
of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery 	1
allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today . 	1
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject . 	0
becomes a testament to faith 	1
an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt 	0
hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	0
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 	1
's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . 	1
with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact 	1
for their acting chops , but for their looks 	0
visual and verbal clichés 	0
gore 	0
is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films 	1
it provides a fresh view of an old type 	1
romance-novel 	1
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy 	0
possible angle 	1
nothing too deep or substantial . 	0
invented to describe exactly how bad it is 	0
were far more entertaining than i had expected 	1
to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	0
near virtuosity in its crapulence 	0
at blockbuster 	1
contemporary 	1
so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it 	0
lost the politics and the social observation 	0
comedic 	1
might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . 	0
a spectacular completion one 	1
screams 	0
at least a few good ideas and 	1
villainous 	0
creepy and dead-on performance 	1
( there 's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin . 	1
the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one 	1
i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old 	1
a fullness 	1
too painfully 	0
best sex comedy 	1
crassly 	0
's a dull girl , that 's all 	0
repeating 	1
barlow 	0
king lear 	1
that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours 	0
coolness 	1
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly 	1
to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon 	0
still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned . 	1
impacts 	1
takes no apparent joy in making movies 	0
, generosity and diplomacy 	1
fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 	1
been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran 	1
once again dazzle and delight us 	1
enchanting 	1
will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle 	1
should drop everything and run to ichi . 	1
is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler 	1
grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery 	0
unsettling prognosis 	1
it 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance . 	1
usual whoopee-cushion effort 	0
a collage of clichés and a dim 	0
nauseating 	0
hunk 	1
more entertaining 	1
reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake ! 	0
stirring , funny 	1
is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender 	0
, perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . 	1
suffered 	0
that a good video game movie is going to show up soon 	1
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place 	0
their largest-ever historical canvas 	1
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 	0
romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters 	1
feel a nagging sense of deja vu 	1
so interesting 	1
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand . 	0
feel-good 	1
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach 	1
truly deserving of its oscar nomination 	1
most resonant film since the killer 	1
, scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play . 	1
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family 	1
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix . 	0
by characters so unsympathetic 	0
cold , 	0
winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 	0
, relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . 	1
, i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain . 	1
thumbs up 	1
uplifting 	1
, but with restraint 	0
girls , right down the reality drain 	0
( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) 	0
bloody beauty 	1
a confusing melange of tones and styles , 	0
what annoyed me most about god is great 	0
a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . 	0
pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious 	0
charming , quirky , original 	1
the great minds 	1
a fascinating part 	1
something clever 	1
most appealing movies 	1
one of the best movies of the year 	1
joys 	1
( cool visual backmasking ) 	1
towards child abuse 	0
much about the film , including some of its casting 	1
milked 	0
lovely and 	1
sharp comedy , 	1
have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is 	1
pale xerox of other , better crime movies . 	0
sign 	1
getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing 	0
is a success 	1
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and 	0
movie audiences both innocent and jaded 	0
has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	1
as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie 	0
exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute 	0
done the nearly impossible 	1
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . ' 	0
brittle desperation 	0
the entire point of a shaggy dog story 	0
represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . 	1
but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds 	1
to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain 	0
does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . 	0
chance to prove his worth 	1
to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine 	0
that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , 	1
seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation 	0
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here 	0
great movie 	1
a little better than sorcerer 's stone 	1
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist 	1
is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . 	1
worked five years ago 	0
shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians 	1
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , 	1
if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks 	0
a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny 	0
populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 	0
major movie 	1
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached . 	1
the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm 	1
the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing . 	0
lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit 	0
marvelously twisted shapes history 	1
following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish 	1
have no affinity for most of the characters . 	0
, unfunny one 	0
animated filmmaking since old walt 	1
the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation . 	0
in how much they engage and even touch us 	1
of death 	0
full-bodied performance 	1
holds interest 	1
what an embarrassment . 	0
inventive and mordantly humorous 	1
to be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake ! 	0
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare 's plays . 	1
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but 	0
, even the funniest idea is n't funny . 	0
is muted 	0
the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable 	1
a spectator 	1
skillful fisher 	1
is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power . 	1
unlike lots of hollywood fluff 	1
the mark 	1
unfortunately 	0
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- 	0
carried by a strong sense of humanism 	1
dull-witted 	0
a retail clerk 	1
potentially trite and overused 	0
predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor 	0
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but 	0
capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke 	1
recycled 	0
who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers 	1
exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace 	0
, his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . 	0
a rather unbelievable love interest 	0
longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach 	0
writings to perform 	1
starts out strongly 	1
a film school undergrad 	0
worked so much better dealing in only one reality 	0
has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements . 	1
left the theater 	0
weaving a theme 	1
more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action 	1
pitch-perfect forster 	1
joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to 	1
status 	1
fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines 	0
for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love 	1
, memory , resistance and artistic transcendence 	1
the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions 	1
disoriented 	0
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and 	1
tawdry 	0
need another film that praises female self-sacrifice 	1
throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . 	0
top-notch 	1
is beyond me . 	0
all the interesting developments 	1
your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 	0
austin powers in goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 	1
assured of the wrong things 	1
resemble their celebrity parents 	1
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading 	1
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , 	1
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , 	1
a bad way 	0
foster and whitaker are especially fine . 	1
dreary and sluggish 	0
re-creation 	0
that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence 	1
in other words , it 's just another sports drama/character study . 	0
bask in your own cleverness 	1
wastes the talents of its attractive young leads 	0
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . 	1
like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story 	0
it 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie . 	0
, this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot . 	0
a hunky has-been 	0
complete denial about his obsessive behavior 	0
a movie of riveting power and sadness 	1
clever and 	1
that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless 	1
... built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids . 	0
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental . 	0
going through the motions 	0
a more down-home flavor 	1
feels familiar and tired . 	0
versatile stanley kwan 	1
are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . 	1
ai n't art , by a long shot 	0
fingering problems than finding solutions 	0
can not even be dubbed hedonistic 	0
fine star performances 	1
a scummy ripoff 	0
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , 	0
leaving the theater 	0
an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime 	1
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 	0
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas 	0
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations . 	0
( grant ) goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it . 	1
punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . ' 	0
despite downplaying her good looks 	1
an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk . 	1
promises a new kind of high 	1
has a laundry list of minor shortcomings 	0
sensational , real-life 19th-century crime 	1
puzzle whose pieces do not fit . 	0
more streamlined 	1
he seems embarrassed to be part of 	0
much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it 	1
works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 	1
courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis 	1
an enjoyable choice 	1
( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and 	1
injects freshness and spirit 	1
filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power 	1
surrealist 	0
morality , family 	1
yet engrossing piece 	1
things will turn out 	1
so good 	1
not one clever line of dialogue 	0
that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what 	1
drug abuse 	0
exploitative garbage 	0
handbag-clutching 	1
greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior . 	1
cocktail 	1
an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends 	1
does n't give you enough to feel good about 	0
is a wonderful thing 	1
-- and far less crass - 	1
the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel 	0
the clumsy cliché 	0
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down 	1
exceeding expectations 	1
so integrated with the story 	1
the work of an artist 	1
to feel like you were n't invited to the party 	0
limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action 	0
diane lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing . 	0
too often strains 	0
dogs who are smarter than him 	0
although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . 	0
for intelligibility 	1
with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour 	1
's still quite worth 	1
, joyous celebration 	1
has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience 	1
somewhat problematic 	0
a sweet , even delectable diversion 	1
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . 	0
beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting 	0
you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	1
pays earnest homage to turntablists and 	1
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull . 	0
kiddie-oriented stinker 	0
potentially incredibly 	1
ultimately worthwhile 	1
bolster director and co-writer 	1
with grace and humor 	1
directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ... 	1
intrepid 	1
a convolution of language that suggests it 	0
fang-baring lullaby 	0
omits 	0
interplay and utter lack 	0
has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made 	1
shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative 	0
a saga 	1
is funny . 	1
appropriate comic buttons 	1
a lovely , sad dance 	1
only masochistic moviegoers need apply . 	0
whenever you think you 've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . 	1
enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens 	1
a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor 	1
as disney 's 1937 breakthrough 	1
, the humor dwindles . 	0
pleasure or 	1
, well-made b movie 	1
such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence . 	0
ambitiously naturalistic 	1
lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . 	1
falls flat as a spoof 	0
already relayed by superb 	1
generous and deep 	1
's a sit down and ponder affair 	1
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . 	1
fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment 	0
a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking 	1
our most flamboyant female comics 	1
passionate and truthful 	1
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing . 	0
added clout to this doc 	1
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small 	0
far more meaningful story 	1
not only to his craft , but to his legend 	1
keep the film entertaining 	1
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch . 	0
to hell 	0
this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed tosca that you want . 	1
's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn 	1
seriously intended movie 	1
they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	0
a mediocre exercise 	0
were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes 	0
charm and heart 	1
of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating 	0
a sickening thud 	0
for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting 	1
inspirational 	1
it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film 	0
irksome , tiresome nature 	0
miraculous as its dreamworks makers 	1
wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits 	0
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special . 	1
` best part ' of the movie 	1
judith and zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics . 	1
pretends to be passionate and truthful 	0
is too optimistic a title . 	0
create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	0
by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past 	1
will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it 	0
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . 	1
hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs 	1
full of grace 	1
a dearth 	1
is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit 	1
yeah , baby 	1
, amusing , sad and reflective 	1
enjoyable ... 	1
comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives 	1
laughably 	1
at least terribly monotonous 	0
able to look ahead and resist living in a past 	1
contains very few laughs and even less surprises . 	0
lackluster script 	0
might to resist 	0
could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors 	0
which is nothing to sneeze at these days 	1
which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy 	0
alienating most 	0
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment 	1
cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama 	0
neither is well told 	0
natural and lovely 	1
is superficial and 	0
this woefully hackneyed movie , 	0
dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film 	1
through the audience 's meat grinder one more 	0
one of the funnier movies in town . 	1
brave and sweetly rendered love story . 	1
compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy 	0
olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting 	1
a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller 	1
's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell . 	1
of the war 	0
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints 	1
in the conception than it does in the execution 	0
has nothing 	0
is amused by its special effects 	1
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds . 	1
such a bad movie 	0
i shamelessly enjoyed it 	1
or maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' 	0
corny examination 	0
the wit 	1
even life on an aircraft carrier -- 	1
too hard to be mythic 	0
a self-indulgent script 	0
having a real writer plot 	1
afghan tragedies 	0
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... 	0
to the dullest irish pub scenes 	0
goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises 	0
what makes this film special is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context . 	1
truly funny bits 	1
pseudo-philosophic twaddle 	0
hard-to-swallow premise 	0
hallmark commercial 	0
despair 	0
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick 	0
this wo n't seem like such a bore 	0
we 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher . 	1
straightforward , emotionally honest manner 	1
truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne 	1
develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times . 	1
at its best , which occurs often 	1
threadbare standbys 	0
literate material 	1
eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . 	0
director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie 	0
despite its floating narrative 	0
's no good answer to that one . 	0
has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films . 	1
in eye-popping visuals 	1
all-time great apocalypse movies 	1
more than adequately fills the eyes and 	1
salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life 	1
its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary . 	0
than i 'd expected it to be 	1
well worth revisiting 	1
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past 	1
remarkable procession 	1
loses all bite on the big screen . 	0
our emotions 	1
it 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period . 	1
take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 	1
the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill 	1
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors 	0
a compelling film . 	1
makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty 	1
's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life 	1
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- 	0
it would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny . 	0
as one of the great submarine stories 	1
lagaan 	1
provide its thrills and extreme emotions 	1
marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending 	0
seems hopelessly juvenile 	0
appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race 	1
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany 	0
attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 	0
a movie full of surprises 	1
bolstered by exceptional performances and 	1
` butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . 	0
a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film 	0
turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable 	1
entertaining tricks 	1
more than competent 	1
frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably 	0
the miniseries 	1
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and 	1
turn and devolves 	0
have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema 	1
the power of the huston performance 	1
super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . 	0
done his subject justice 	1
are undeniably touched 	1
, parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . ' 	0
dirty 	0
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , 	1
dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care 	0
transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision 	1
its story is only surface deep 	0
is listless , witless , and devoid of anything 	0
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks . 	1
movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 	1
one funny popcorn flick . 	1
although ... visually striking and slickly staged 	1
, masterful 	1
wonderfully warm human drama 	1
bigger and more ambitious than the first installment 	1
now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it 	0
worst movie 	0
it made me feel unclean , and i 'm the guy who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies 	0
great minds 	1
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others . 	1
ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive 	0
scotland looks wonderful , 	1
disposable , kitchen-sink homage 	0
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but 	1
expiration date 	0
powerful look 	1
such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema 	1
a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 	0
catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance 	1
bind us 	0
one strike 	0
it was n't horrible either 	1
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna 	1
you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky 	1
the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose 	1
it 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind . 	0
, it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role . 	1
in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug 	1
something of a stiff 	0
, retro uplifter . 	1
what 's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behavior . 	0
ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel . 	1
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely new york celebrities 	1
uses a totally unnecessary prologue , 	0
also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 	0
's very little 	0
alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse 	0
a one liner as well as anybody 	1
the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork 	1
totally 	1
is far more appealing 	1
of very bad scouse accents 	0
the sheer beauty of his images 	1
of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 	1
this tired retread 	0
not quite 	0
have pulled off four similar kidnappings before 	0
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since sept. 11 ) . 	0
is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe 	1
fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 	1
last-minute 	0
part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz . 	1
so aggressively anti-erotic 	0
have a hard time sitting through this one 	0
reminiscent 	1
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 	0
deception 	0
feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago 	1
has severe body odor 	0
capture these musicians in full regalia 	1
is completely at sea 	1
artsy and often pointless 	0
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , 	1
huge sacrifice 	0
goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it 	1
make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season 	1
dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut 	1
delightful , if minor , 	1
no level whatsoever for me 	0
to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 	1
is this bad on purpose 	0
, that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat . 	1
is an interesting movie ! '' 	1
offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse 	1
pertinent and enduring 	1
's stylishly directed with verve ... 	1
its shortness disappoints 	0
deeply meditative picture 	1
until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism 	0
this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy 	1
compassionate spirit 	1
great dragons ! 	1
i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short 	0
a memorable experience 	1
serves up with style and empathy 	1
keep our interest 	1
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences 	1
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters 	0
( the characters ' ) misery 	0
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 	1
effectiveness 	1
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point . 	0
an intriguing twist 	1
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless 	1
rejects 	0
infidelity and 	0
a genuinely funny ensemble 	1
got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out 	1
fabulously funny 	1
might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine 	1
seems worth the effort . 	1
terrific date movie 	1
not a trace of humanity or empathy 	0
fourth feature 	1
reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable . 	1
a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen 	0
predictable plot 	0
the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 	0
does strong , measured work 	1
more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent 	0
it is n't that funny 	0
slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze 	1
sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack 	1
squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story 	0
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale . 	1
crowd-pleasing goals 	1
tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film 	0
does its best 	1
solid ' 	1
a baffling subplot 	0
like a room stacked with pungent flowers 	1
amuses 	1
tasteful 	1
on its empty head 	0
to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie 	1
recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders 	0
's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid 	0
numbingly dull experience 	0
the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 	1
never comes together as a coherent whole . 	0
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one 	0
cute drama 	1
, taut , piercing and feisty 	1
cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . 	0
the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks . 	0
unturned 	0
far more successful 	1
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic . 	1
has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism 	1
being able to creep the living hell out of you 	1
ourside the theater roger might be intolerable company , 	0
it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . 	1
deeply biased , and wholly 	0
failing , ultimately , 	0
this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action . 	0
without having much dramatic impact 	0
into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell 	0
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch 	0
of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati 	1
uplifting and moving 	1
already tired 	0
manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum . 	1
marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today . 	1
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames 	0
the scruffy sands of its titular community 	0
as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful 	0
to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue 	1
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 	1
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy 	0
the film has some of the best special effects ever 	1
see this turd squashed 	0
( a ) soulless , stupid sequel 	0
it 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . 	1
what goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' 	0
creatively 	1
sillier , not scarier 	0
the actors are simply too good 	1
is one only a true believer could relish . 	0
signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema 	1
( reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair 	1
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so 	1
crappy movies 	0
make a big splash 	1
an equally assured narrative coinage 	1
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . ' 	0
recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back . 	1
of clichés and a dim 	0
gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements 	0
underestimated 	1
is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 	1
does n't have big screen magic 	0
... pitiful , slapdash disaster . 	0
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , 	1
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged . 	0
unbearable 	0
to be moved by this drama 	1
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying 	0
manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish 	1
distracting 	0
from the guy-in-a-dress genre 	0
the consequences of its own actions and revelations 	0
it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film . 	1
this trite , predictable rehash 	0
uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd 	0
benefited from a sharper , cleaner script 	1
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) 	1
just as endearing and easy 	1
into by-the-numbers territory 	0
i feel better already . 	1
never quite 	0
, i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . 	0
of the rarest kinds of films 	1
this masterful 	1
is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . 	0
overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors 	0
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity 	0
's too long and unfocused 	0
like-themed film 	1
exceedingly dull 	0
the mood is laid back 	1
the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing . 	0
debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined 	0
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome 	0
sneak out of the theater 	0
unsalvageability 	0
a successful adaptation 	1
ambiguous 	1
is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . 	1
you barely realize your mind is being blown . 	1
true 	1
adrenalized 	1
hollywood excess 	0
would have saved this film a world of hurt . 	0
a servicable world war ii drama 	1
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups 	0
( moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions . 	0
should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame 	0
a clever pseudo-bio 	1
first-rate 	1
low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off 	0
since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth 	1
sentimentality and annoying stereotypes 	0
more than a 	1
a movie without an apparent audience 	0
keep things interesting 	1
the stomach-knotting suspense 	1
first film something of a sleeper success 	1
the best movie 	1
returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin ... have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age . 	1
beat-the-clock thriller 	1
collision 	0
an intelligent and deeply 	1
pleasant distraction 	1
to come from an american director in years 	1
thoroughly entertaining comedy that 	1
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , 	1
dramatic enough 	1
change hackneyed concepts 	0
credulous , unassuming , subordinate 	0
dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags 	0
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment 	1
undeniably exceedingly clever 	1
taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings 	1
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting 	0
frittered 	0
to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady 	1
its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 	1
is even better than the fellowship . 	1
could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage . 	0
deceptively simple , deeply satisfying 	1
such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 	0
utterly delightful . 	1
reaches 	0
imperfect 	0
ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside 	1
like kubrick , soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . 	1
will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story 	1
a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers 	0
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire . 	0
` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women 	0
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail . 	0
every-joke-has - been-told-a 	0
carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades 	1
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario 	1
it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 	1
induce sleep than fright 	0
the film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking . 	0
funniest moments 	1
an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 	1
glee 	1
the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths . 	1
protagonists 	1
with terrific flair 	1
does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it . 	1
by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos 	0
shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action 	0
know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics 	0
's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that . 	0
blandly go where we went 8 movies ago 	0
painfully slow cliche-ridden film 	0
the writing is indifferent , 	0
of its own brilliance 	1
ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 	0
it all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer . 	0
misanthropic stuff 	0
one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 	0
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them 	1
quite touching 	1
keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions 	1
with this one too 	1
surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . 	0
developed characters so much 	1
, populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 	0
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine 	1
's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés . 	0
a defiantly retro chord 	1
efficiently 	1
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , 	1
faced 	1
first-time director joão pedro rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations 	0
in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 	0
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters 	1
the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half 	0
its bold presentation 	1
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . 	1
makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 	1
vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world 	1
there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us . 	0
hard-edged stuff 	1
arrive early 	1
unholy hokum 	0
is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . 	1
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming . 	0
straightforward and 	1
with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy 	1
be as entertaining 	1
'll find in this dreary mess . 	0
to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	1
terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid 	0
underdeveloped effort 	0
it 's an ambitious film , 	1
, the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care . 	1
all hollywood fantasies 	0
warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed 	1
castro 	0
that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense 	0
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious . 	0
a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school 	0
charismatic jackie chan 	1
skillfully assembled 	1
what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 	0
i 'm not 	0
relies on more than special effects 	1
's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team 	1
's insanely violent and very graphic 	0
rises to a higher level 	1
a slick , 	1
to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script 	0
and sumptuous stream 	1
it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry 	0
with such exuberance and passion 	1
meandering ending 	0
schlocky 	0
realistic , non-exploitive approach 	1
overcooked 	0
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence 	0
a witty , whimsical feature 	1
stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences 	1
skewed to ever get a hold on 	0
as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen 	0
an act of spiritual faith 	1
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations 	0
's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break 	0
perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey 	1
is good , except its timing 	1
an uninspired philosophical epiphany 	0
spiced 	1
listless and desultory affair 	0
if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat . 	1
's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair . 	1
want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness 	0
he gives the story some soul 	1
an enthralling aesthetic experience , 	1
brussels 	1
, albeit half-baked , 	0
rusted-out ruin 	0
fine acting moments 	1
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) 	0
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions . 	0
those crass , contrived sequels 	0
besson has written in years 	1
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie 	1
, the humor has point 	1
no reason for being 	0
charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate 	1
nonsense 	0
the smarter offerings the horror genre 	1
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson 	1
growing up that we do n't see often enough these days 	1
that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 	0
that this is one summer film that satisfies 	1
forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today 	1
creepy-scary thriller 	1
dangerously honest 	1
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it 	1
the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion 	0
an intense political and psychological thriller 	1
thoroughly dull 	0
a fine production with splendid singing 	1
any of the signposts , as if 	0
gusto 	1
gone badly awry 	0
're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned 	1
nothing wrong with performances here , 	1
it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . 	0
hack nick davies 	0
an uplifting 	1
name-calling 	0
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , 	1
nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight 	0
has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film 	1
hardest 	1
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy 	1
showcases 	0
quite a vision 	1
cause parents a few sleepless hours -- 	0
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode 	0
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long 	0
an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place 	0
, repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 	0
a minor miracle 	1
an admirable , 	1
more re-creations of all those famous moments 	1
98 	1
some of the camera work is interesting 	1
what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve 	1
the best sports movie i 've ever seen 	1
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general 	0
coming close to bowling you over 	1
skillful filmmaker 	1
to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history 	0
of love , family and all that 	1
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... 	1
black-and-white 	0
it does somehow manage to get you under its spell . 	1
lightly entertaining 	1
is nonjudgmental , and 	1
spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot 	0
as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , 	1
only to record the events for posterity , but 	1
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming 	1
a grating 	0
plain bad 	0
hollywood is sordid and disgusting . 	0
race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout 	1
triumphant 	1
sits there like a side dish no one ordered 	0
imaginative flight 	1
really awful 	0
with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half 	0
little-remembered 	0
blame eddie murphy 	0
less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and 	1
out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés . 	0
persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts 	1
the schmaltz is manufactured 	0
used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again 	0
see over and over again 	1
it 's worth yet another visit 	1
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family . 	1
a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece 	1
human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- 	1
recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face 	1
it 's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again . 	1
is even remotely new or interesting 	0
bone-chilling 	1
barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested 	0
constantly touching , surprisingly funny 	1
are in perfect balance . 	1
feels universal 	1
dud 	0
is a mediocre movie trying to get out 	0
, is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . 	1
was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 	1
of vampire fun 	1
of the man 	0
charm or 	1
a bilingual charmer 	1
you love it 	1
its dying , 	0
must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks 	1
gracious 	1
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy 	0
iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce . 	1
's worth the concentration . 	1
does such high-profile talent serve such literate material 	1
`` sorority boys '' was funnier 	0
jordan jealous 	0
bracingly truthful 	1
with a hard-to-swallow premise 	0
an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart 	1
waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense 	0
that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in 	1
84 minutes is short 	1
of privileged moments and memorable performances 	1
, it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . 	1
, spicy footnote 	1
deft and subtle 	1
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece 	1
three hours and with very little story or character development 	0
-- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- 	0
dirty faces 	1
witherspoon 's talents 	1
's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby 	0
clunker 	0
, is funny and looks professional . 	1
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces 	1
that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations 	1
feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism . 	1
horrid little propaganda film 	0
i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 	0
he does this so well 	1
as two-day old porridge 	0
-- and gross -- 	0
seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense 	0
it 's in danger of going wrong 	0
out ballsy and stylish 	1
manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference . 	0
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one 	0
champion 	1
dumbed-down tactics 	0
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , 	0
's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it . 	1
has never looked uglier 	0
entertaining movie 	1
is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad . 	0
boffo last hour 	1
( a ) slummer . 	0
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama . 	1
sounds whiny and defensive , 	0
of how very bad a motion picture can truly be 	0
as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man 	0
a film that is both gripping and compelling 	1
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly 	0
make the stones weep -- 	1
nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy 	0
aspired 	1
if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees 	0
is a rather toothless take on a hard young life 	0
that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject 	0
oscar nomination 	1
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) 	1
frothy ` date movie 	1
are both excellent , 	1
described as sci-fi generic 	0
confusion is one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 	0
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show . 	0
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip . 	0
alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes . 	1
escaped the rut dug by the last one 	0
funnier gags 	1
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality 	1
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , 	0
that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort 	1
about as enjoyable 	1
their most virtuous limits 	1
this sucker 	0
jeffrey tambor 's 	1
keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste 	1
the coen brothers and 	1
treat 	1
open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning 	0
reasonably entertaining 	1
will wear thin on all 	0
that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived 	1
pryor wannabe 	0
holland lets things peter out midway , 	0
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation 	0
wrong with that 	0
to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure 	1
more trifle than triumph 	0
demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged 	0
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment 	0
got aids 	0
, it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . 	0
smoothly sinister freddie 	1
nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored 	0
crisp framing , 	1
all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness 	1
the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it 	1
'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police 	0
just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . 	0
sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem 	0
an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation . 	1
off-kilter dialogue 	0
barrie good time 	1
the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it . 	0
paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work . 	1
true inspiration 	1
ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) 	0
has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style . 	1
a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death 	1
into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie 	1
of love and humility 	1
drag the movie down 	0
as vincent became more and more abhorrent 	0
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie 	0
difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are 	0
suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . 	0
the labyrinthine ways 	0
pass this stinker off 	0
of becoming a better person through love 	1
by a script that assumes you are n't very bright 	0
slightly wised-up kids 	1
unafraid to throw elbows when necessary 	1
immensely enjoyable 	1
does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness 	1
kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked 	1
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theater for some time . 	1
tense with suspense 	1
green ruins every single scene he 's in 	0
, he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` do not go gentle into that good theatre . ' 	0
may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar 	0
is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life 	0
spirit 's visual imagination 	1
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely 	1
the comic opportunities richly rewarded 	1
be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back 	0
flawless film , ( wang ) emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 	1
burn the negative and the script and 	0
to be a one-trick pony 	0
but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera . 	0
funny 	1
rather unique 	1
the quirky drama 	1
far more entertaining than i had expected 	1
is as thought-provoking 	1
and crude humor 	0
's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn . 	1
, green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . 	1
that has made tucker a star 	1
's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot 	1
what sets ms. birot 's film apart from others in the genre 	1
as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 	0
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship . 	0
( l ) ame and unnecessary . 	0
about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . 	1
's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout . 	1
that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 	1
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one 	1
little more than a well-mounted history lesson 	0
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows 	1
spent watching this waste of time 	0
loosely connected 	0
the movie 's seams may show ... but 	1
ultimate demise 	0
benefits from serendipity but 	1
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , 	1
the characters move with grace and panache 	1
handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter 	1
been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie 	0
in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did 	1
visually unappealing 	0
hideousness 	0
intelligent , and humanly funny film . 	1
formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 	0
this story to go but down 	0
'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . 	0
easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and 	0
jaded 	0
the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 	0
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , 	1
into the trap of pretention 	0
... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality . 	1
bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	1
the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes 	1
us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher 	1
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying . 	1
find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her 	1
a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 	1
questions cinema 's capability for recording truth 	0
the charismatic jackie chan 	1
ill-conceived action pieces 	0
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film . 	1
retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching 	1
, moving 	1
's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with 	0
looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script 	0
in the excesses of writer-director roger avary 	0
is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film . 	0
with daring and verve 	1
strives to be more , but does n't quite get there . 	0
no justice 	0
never lacks in eye-popping visuals 	1
columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie 	0
played-out idea 	0
silliness 	0
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time 	0
, paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . 	1
silences 	0
most repellent things 	0
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break 	0
into an a-list director 	1
a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior 	1
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story . 	0
delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem . 	0
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing 	0
is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia 	1
its passages of sensitive observation 	1
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . 	1
a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 	0
deceptively amusing 	1
beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures . 	1
loads of cgi and bushels of violence 	0
the very best 	1
sci-fi thriller 	1
listless direction 	0
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless . 	1
the delicious trimmings ... 	1
engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . ' 	1
nothing good 	0
advancing this vision 	1
is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . 	1
lethargically 	0
, mesmerizing 	1
a pretty good overall picture of the situation 	1
could ever have hoped to be 	1
the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs. the snowman leaves a lot to be desired . 	0
will likely prefer to keep on watching 	1
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure 	0
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! '' 	0
both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter . 	1
has never made anything that was n't at least watchable 	1
still have to see this ! 	1
with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves 	0
remind one of a really solid woody allen film , 	1
how inept is serving sara ? 	0
almost in a class with that of wilde 	1
just plain bad 	0
a good time 	1
's no art here 	0
'll love this movie 	1
as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort 	1
and -- sadly -- dull 	0
swept away ' 	1
hate 	0
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal . 	1
of all hollywood fantasies 	1
the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities . 	1
their feces 	0
nonsense machine 	0
will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus 	1
of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers 	1
fierce grandeur 	1
fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own 	1
is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker 	1
overused cocktail 	0
the movie is a disaster . 	0
the year selection 	1
, home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . 	1
another gross-out college comedy -- ugh . 	0
with wisdom and emotion 	1
in gross-out humor 	1
sleek 	1
help but engage 	1
laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 	1
huge box-office 	1
twisted sense 	0
, brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 	1
with style and empathy 	1
spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby 	0
the film has ( its ) moments , but they are few and far between . 	0
make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up 	1
just is n't a very involving one 	0
as plain and pedestrian as catsup -- 	0
being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing 	0
colorful bio-pic 	1
a strangely sinister happy ending 	1
going for that pg-13 rating 	1
attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago 	0
cross-dressing 	0
a skillful filmmaker 	1
succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack 	0
( sam 's ) self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining . 	0
her presence succeeds in making us believe 	1
to term an `` ambitious failure 	0
dared 	1
devote time to see it 	1
smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country . 	1
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , 	0
's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage 	1
the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here 	0
of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results 	1
allegedly inspiring and easily marketable 	1
a rare treat 	1
good and 	1
your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts 	1
to which anyone can relate 	1
meyjes ' provocative film 	1
prettiest 	1
hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull 	0
a light , yet engrossing piece 	1
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv 's big brother . 	1
loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 	0
`` a '' range 	1
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy . 	1
in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship 	1
plotless , 	0
, indescribably bad 	0
's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form . 	1
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card . 	0
growing , moldering pile 	0
tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic 	0
slickly 	1
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last 	1
grating 	0
would gobble in dolby digital stereo 	1
too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time 	0
it ranks with the best of herzog 's works 	1
its visual imagination is breathtaking 	1
each other against all odds 	1
of those so-so films that could have been much better 	0
that makes it worth checking out at theaters 	1
only has about 25 minutes of decent material . 	0
a case of masochism and an hour and a half 	0
drags , underscoring the obvious 	0
witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and 	0
if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride . 	0
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ? 	1
equally great 	1
contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion 	1
generic 	0
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity 	1
lovefest 	1
to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd 	0
that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project 	0
decent ones 	1
two surefire , beloved genres 	1
sweet without the decay factor 	1
are amiable and committed 	1
roiling black-and-white inspires 	1
to match the power of their surroundings 	1
makes no sense 	0
is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 	1
it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve 	1
entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal . 	1
demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded 	0
an irresistible , languid romanticism 	1
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out . 	0
lively dream 	1
the thinness of its characterizations 	0
a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string 	1
can seem tiresomely simpleminded 	0
shyamalan 's gifts , 	1
have marked an emerging indian american cinema 	1
bad hair design 	0
to convince us that acting transfigures esther 	0
watch these two together again in a new york minute 	1
( cuarón has ) created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy . 	1
the poor quality 	0
an insultingly unbelievable final act 	0
hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay 	0
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , 	1
does a disservice 	0
is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . 	1
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through 	0
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs . 	1
good theatre 	1
of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case 	0
is a truly , truly bad movie 	0
astonishing 	1
truth and realism 	1
even its target audience talked all the way through it 	0
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension . 	0
as beautiful 	1
's touching and tender and 	1
has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 	0
are neither original nor are presented in convincing way 	0
this very compelling tale 	1
great help 	1
dehumanizing and ego-destroying process 	0
no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 	0
goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest 	1
is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work 	1
shiver-inducing 	1
questionable satirical ambivalence 	0
a very entertaining , thought-provoking film 	1
is brilliant , really 	1
delicate , clever 	1
is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie . 	1
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . 	0
put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) 	0
dazzling entertainment 	1
fairly irresistible package 	1
a heavy-handed indictment 	0
does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it 	0
exist only for its climactic setpiece 	0
one not-so-small problem 	0
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose . 	0
that made the first film so special 	1
cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style 	0
the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer . 	1
the dullest irish pub scenes 	0
her pale , dark beauty and 	1
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . 	0
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots . 	1
he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	1
i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special 	1
may not be an important movie , or even a good one 	0
mediocre fable from burkina faso . 	0
that comes through all too painfully in the execution 	0
, it would still be beyond comprehension 	0
lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth 	1
get 	1
more entertaining , too 	1
undernourished 	0
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american . 	1
high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks 	1
some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson 	1
crafty and intelligent 	1
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses . 	0
cornball sequel 	0
is the most visually unappealing . 	0
the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture 	1
too-long , spoofy update 	0
do bad things 	0
illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity 	1
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad . 	0
it 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today . 	1
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry 	1
cultural identity 	1
avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake 	0
full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature 	0
transparently hypocritical work 	0
apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it . 	0
struggles 	0
's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease . 	0
robbed 	0
some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . 	0
( and beautifully edited 	1
, sylvie testud is icily brilliant . 	1
and mind-numbing indifference 	0
john carpenter 's original 	1
the always hilarious meara and levy 	1
smell the grease on the plot 	1
there 's a lot to recommend read my lips . 	1
of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart 	0
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome 	1
pure 	1
earthly 	1
shaky , uncertain film 	0
's a love story as sanguine as its title 	1
is mesmerizing 	1
direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 	1
, it 's mission accomplished 	1
honest emotions 	1
the cat 's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich ... 	1
quirky and fearless ability 	1
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting 	0
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and 	0
should not 	0
a remarkable piece 	1
like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens 	0
its own ironic implications 	0
's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	1
may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form 	1
renowned 	1
earn our love 	1
if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - -- decasia 	0
its charms and 	1
watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media 	1
inevitably consigned 	0
with stunning animation 	1
the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 	0
with a visual style unique and inherent 	1
the sleekness 	1
for a quick-buck sequel 	0
tell you how tedious 	0
it 's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be . 	0
way cheaper ( and better ) 	1
a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 	0
graceless and 	0
mr. polanski is in his element here : 	1
an open wound 	0
is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice 	1
entertaining and 	1
johnnie to and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers . 	0
belly laugh 	1
a laugh riot 	1
glued to the screen 	1
canny and spiced 	1
what saves it ... and makes it 	1
a truly annoying pitch 	0
the hype 	0
a lightweight story about matchmaking 	1
laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 	1
believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before 	0
is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script 	1
durable 	1
its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial 	0
compatible 	1
a serious drama 	1
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script . 	1
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 	0
the material 	1
is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . 	1
attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight 	0
need , neurosis and nervy 	0
writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured . 	1
a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality 	1
self-promotion 	0
to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins 	1
rampant adultery 	0
of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen 	0
help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation 	1
the filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance 	1
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch 	1
our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 	1
crudup 's screen presence 	1
comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours 	1
treasured 	1
but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script 	1
of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics 	1
rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide . 	1
imperfect , love-hate relationship 	0
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d . 	1
the annoyance 	0
that it ends up being surprisingly dull 	0
you have the patience for it 	0
it were any more of a turkey 	0
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time 	1
a shaky , uncertain film 	0
's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny 	0
playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 	0
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness . 	0
the most sincere and artful movie 	1
a bad taste in your mouth and questions 	0
unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains 	1
lookin ' for sin , american-style ? 	0
's a minor treat 	1
the action and 	1
skilled actors 	1
without your pulse ever racing 	0
growth 	1
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- 	0
, like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin . 	1
i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit 	0
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity 	1
that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable 	1
even though it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth . 	1
a moving picture that does not move . 	0
a frustrating patchwork : 	0
as hilarious lunacy 	1
the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza 	1
spreading 	1
very depressing movie 	0
are mesmerizing 	1
might add -- slice of comedic bliss 	1
dreamy and evocative 	1
painfully unfunny farce 	0
is n't very bright 	0
move over bond 	1
definitive account 	1
an interesting exercise 	1
the only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time . 	0
writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted . 	1
's the sweet cinderella story 	1
the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times 	1
as darkly funny 	1
a disaster of a drama 	0
the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time 	0
's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen 	1
does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that . 	0
sour 	0
like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 	0
all the bad things in the world / 	0
this is the most visually unappealing . 	0
as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 	1
delirious fun . 	1
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension . 	0
is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one 	0
look like cheap hysterics 	0
's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling 	0
to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 	1
reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking 	1
's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles 	1
that malarkey 	0
monster/science fiction flicks 	1
to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable 	0
that special annex of hell 	0
incredibly hokey 	0
fluffy and disposible 	0
fascinating little tale 	1
it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . ' 	1
i 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . 	0
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched . 	0
so many explosions 	1
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian . 	1
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending . 	1
seems timely and important . 	1
, soap opera-ish dialogue 	0
close to losing my lunch 	0
settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs 	1
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , 	1
a lot of the smaller scenes 	1
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe . 	0
with a great premise 	1
appalling as any ` comedy ' 	0
an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice 	1
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit . 	0
hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as 	0
's icky . 	0
wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt 	1
made me feel unclean 	0
like saturday morning tv in the '60s 	0
astonishing grandeur 	1
fully endear itself to american art house audiences 	1
is a step down 	0
does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes 	0
be this good 	1
the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . 	1
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations 	0
two towers outdoes its spectacle . 	1
antic spirits 	0
mark ms. bullock 's best work 	1
of slapstick sequences 	1
imaginable 	1
is a hilarious adventure 	1
more trifle than triumph . 	0
's mission accomplished 	1
a mediocre tribute to films like them 	0
unmemorable filler 	0
well-made entertainment 	1
what little grace ( rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves 	0
which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way 	0
ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro . 	0
is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort 	1
that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough 	1
but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote 	0
oozes craft . 	1
does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds 	1
where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say 	0
succeeds . 	1
that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone 	1
well-done supernatural thriller 	1
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations . 	1
is , we have no idea what in creation is going on . 	0
vulgar dialogue 	0
sweet time building 	1
of the best gay love stories 	1
a dirty old man 	0
it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . 	0
no special effects , and 	0
the real thing 	1
female friendship that men can embrace 	1
of emotional desperation 	0
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . 	1
makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , 	1
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos . 	1
threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . 	0
silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 	0
shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans 	1
several cliched movie structures : the road movie , 	0
faster , livelier and 	1
, funny , and even touching 	1
is well 	1
its own style 	1
of nijinsky 	1
interesting controversy 	1
incinerates frank capra 's classic 	0
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining . 	1
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , 	0
sweet and fluffy 	1
) are such a companionable couple 	1
how good 	1
dull , brain-deadening hangover 	0
little sticky and unsatisfied 	0
charisma and 	1
also a -- dare i say it twice -- 	0
blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge ' 	1
eccentrics 	0
's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug 	0
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering . 	1
leaves scant place for the viewer 	0
even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness . 	0
of the victorious revolutionaries 	1
a positive ( if tragic ) note 	1
intelligence and originality 	1
also somewhat touched 	1
its lackluster gear of emotional blandness 	0
cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements 	1
opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche 	1
much worse than bland 	0
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . 	0
overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration 	1
assured and stylish 	1
a ragbag of cliches . 	0
of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with 	0
as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking 	1
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot . 	0
rubbish 	0
even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice . 	1
a breathtaking adventure 	1
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard 	0
wind-in-the-hair exhilarating 	1
of true inspiration 	1
a good movie ye who enter here 	1
a flat , unconvincing drama 	0
are so hilarious 	1
great to look at , and funny 	1
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage . 	1
dread 	0
may seem disappointing in its generalities 	0
extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability 	1
more offended by his lack of faith in his audience 	0
to its clever what-if concept 	1
so crazy ! 	1
relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form 	1
make like the title and dodge this one 	0
a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind 	1
a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age 	0
balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident 	1
remarkable and 	1
warmth and gentle humor 	1
life affirming 	1
the whiney characters bugged me 	0
wilco fans will have a great time , and 	1
19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick 	1
ask for a raise 	1
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , 	1
moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 	1
a hard time sitting through this one 	0
is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film 	1
perversity 	0
does n't have much to say beyond the news 	0
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth 	1
rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world . 	0
frighten and 	0
ruin 	0
intriguing look 	1
is that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness 	1
very handsomely produced 	1
do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies 	0
films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature 	1
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary . 	0
is gratefully received 	1
's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters 	0
two bodies and hardly a laugh between them 	0
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism 	1
pays off and 	1
that the talented cast generally 	1
you see this film you 'll know too 	1
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat . 	1
the efforts of a first-rate cast 	1
pleasant tale 	1
frothy ` date movie ' ... 	1
laugh-a-minute 	1
deflated 	0
nice piece of work . 	1
trying to be more complex than your average film 	1
recording 	1
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score 	1
's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective 	1
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n't 	0
fresh , sometimes funny , 	1
visually , ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative . 	1
it 's not scary in the slightest 	0
than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades 	1
, imaginative kid 's movie 	1
have an interest in the characters you see 	1
sheerly cinematic appeal 	1
the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor 	0
is hard to resist 	1
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one 	0
parents love to have their kids 	1
feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 	0
perfect festival film 	1
, simple-minded and stereotypical 	0
the filmmakers know how to please the eye 	1
offend everyone 	0
in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot 	0
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 	1
virtually joyless 	0
is fluid and quick 	1
with a searing lead performance 	1
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work . 	1
feels contrived 	0
, holds the screen like a true star . 	1
in a class with spike lee 's masterful 	1
is actually quite entertaining . 	1
's definitely an improvement on the first blade 	1
silly-looking 	0
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together . 	1
altogether darker side 	0
unrelated 	0
is really funny 	1
richer and more observant 	1
cleverness , wit or 	1
the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . 	1
insightful and 	1
shockingly bad and 	0
eloquent film 	1
is painfully formulaic and stilted . 	0
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays 	1
cartoonish performance 	0
the redeeming feature of chan 's films 	1
takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours 	0
the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing 	0
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . 	0
p ) 	0
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . 	0
angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence 	0
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century 	1
attempts to be grandiloquent , but 	0
want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	0
like horrible poetry 	0
that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	0
gives poor dana carvey nothing 	0
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness 	1
benefit 	1
the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 	1
just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style 	0
unique 	1
in the best irish sense 	1
amours 	1
is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . 	0
it 's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions . 	1
make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life 	0
at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age 	0
intense and effective 	1
nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion 	1
not enough of interest onscreen 	0
a weird , arresting little ride 	0
dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie 	1
ghetto fabulousness 	1
be with a large dose of painkillers 	0
has a nearly terminal case of the cutes 	1
they threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . 	0
christian parents 	1
for all its shoot-outs 	1
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love 	1
empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun 	0
wears its heart 	1
strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook . 	0
adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt 	0
it points out how inseparable the two are 	1
relying on animation or dumb humor 	0
it 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction . 	0
being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses 	1
the writing is clever and 	1
i simply ca n't recommend it enough . 	1
edit 	0
should be able to find better entertainment 	0
the show 's concept 	1
on the promise of excitement 	1
is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . 	1
resorting to camp or parody 	0
an integrity 	1
eye-popping 	1
in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel 's closely watched trains and danis tanovic 's no man 's land . 	1
in this crass , low-wattage endeavor 	0
of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen 	1
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory 	0
the very top rank 	1
chilly , clinical lab report 	0
makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 	0
picture-perfect beach 	1
farcically bawdy fantasy 	1
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . 	1
dramatic interest 	1
ballsy and 	1
the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was 	0
a unique , well-crafted psychological study 	1
is fascinating ... 	1
spain 's greatest star wattage 	1
wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time 	1
's surprisingly harmless . 	1
scope and 	1
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating 	0
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell . 	0
zoom ! 	1
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned 	0
whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 	0
compelling mix 	1
in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 	0
's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can . 	1
it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . 	1
has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded . 	1
hong kong master john woo 	1
poo 	0
rare sequel 	1
tepid and 	0
well paced and satisfying little drama 	1
of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him 	0
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material . 	0
easy to watch 	1
more likely 	1
not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it would be all that interesting . 	0
precise 	1
the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 	1
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks 	0
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems 	1
thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd 	0
, he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 	1
with flailing bodily movements 	0
spontaneous 	1
feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story 	0
has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . 	0
highlight reel 	1
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature 	1
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , 	1
brilliant piece 	1
the final product is a ghost 	1
) comes off like a hallmark commercial 	0
devastating testimony 	0
plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 	0
excellent performances 	1
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven 	1
getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good 	1
resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within . 	0
it is repetitious 	0
've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world 	1
it 's compelling 	1
, heart-felt drama 	1
purr 	1
at leading lives of sexy intrigue 	1
like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 	0
'd rather watch them on the animal planet 	0
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ? 	0
an epic four-hour indian musical 	1
become comparatively sane and healthy 	1
, one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 	0
an overstylized , puréed mélange 	0
showtime deserves the hook . 	0
of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure 	1
barney 's 	1
cranked out on an assembly line 	0
is funny , 	1
is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels 	1
crack a smile 	1
would seem to be surefire casting . 	1
sights 	0
there 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long . 	0
ignore but a little too smugly superior to like 	0
care less 	0
perform 	1
it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory 	0
smart , savvy , compelling 	1
hated 	0
builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption 	1
superficiality 	0
skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 	0
bad ideas and awkwardness 	0
a career-defining revelation 	1
an inarticulate screenplay 	0
cohesive 	1
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer 	1
thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another 	0
too clumsy 	0
better than inconsequential 	1
going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 	0
so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . 	0
humbuggery 	0
, the stories are quietly moving . 	1
a teenybopper ed wood film , 	1
sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill 	0
are so generic 	0
cultural and economic subtext 	1
... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking . 	1
pretends to expose the life of male hustlers 	0
is strong as always 	1
truly larger-than-life character 	1
is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was 	1
it 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties . 	1
dramatize life 's messiness 	0
distractions 	0
over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage 	0
its elegantly colorful look 	1
guilty about it 	0
'll probably run out screaming . 	0
might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned 	0
classic movie franchise 	1
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world . 	1
is all but useless 	0
a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic 	0
precarious 	0
grey zone 	0
which gives you an idea just how bad it was 	0
ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 . 	0
martin lawrence live ' is so self-pitying 	0
if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for 	1
too predictable and far too cliched 	0
chelsea hotel 	1
is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable 	0
, like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 	0
90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed 	0
duvall 's throbbing sincerity 	1
making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden 	1
misguided project 	0
a transparently hypocritical work 	0
are more compelling than the execution 	1
share no chemistry or engaging charisma 	0
tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	0
( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... 	0
well-worn situations 	0
begging for attention , 	0
goes further 	1
to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate 	1
works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller 	1
, ingenious 	1
's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . 	0
believing in something does matter 	1
a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency 	0
so stunning 	1
elaborate and twisted characters 	0
by an esteemed writer-actor 	1
one of the finest films of the year 	1
, difficult and sad 	0
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; 	1
like a film so cold and dead 	0
von sydow ... 	1
artistry 	1
earnest and heartfelt 	1
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , 	1
inspiring hope 	1
bring new energy 	1
to liven things up 	1
block 	0
pairing clayburgh and tambor 	1
one of the great submarine stories 	1
is delightful in the central role 	1
develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide 	1
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 	0
by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , 	0
all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale 	1
watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination 	0
what once was conviction 	1
a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way 	0
taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight 	0
takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 	1
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces 	0
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that 	0
wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	1
, then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 	1
maybe he was reading the minds of the audience . 	1
give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film 	0
their lack 	0
contemplative , and sublimely beautiful 	1
those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace 	1
appreciates 	1
a joyous occasion 	1
think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet 	0
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , 	1
great artistic significance 	1
these people mattered 	1
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but 	0
an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds 	1
is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues 	1
another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . 	1
it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés . 	0
truly edgy -- 	1
directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year 	1
strip 	1
suffered and bled 	0
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , 	1
a kind of ghandi gone bad 	0
set the cause of woman warriors back decades 	0
misguided acts of affection 	0
would quickly change the channel 	0
how this one escaped the lifetime network i 'll never know . 	0
are funny . 	1
retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought 	0
appropriately cynical social commentary aside 	1
's work as well as a remarkably faithful one . 	1
most damning censure 	0
dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director 	1
old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas 	0
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , 	1
heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis 	1
reflected in almost every scene 	1
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set . 	0
the movie is amateurish 	0
fortify this turgid fable 	0
, the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own . 	0
most hollywood romantic comedies 	0
skill and determination 	1
the pre-teen crowd 	1
humor and poignancy 	1
has settled for a lugubrious romance 	0
enter the fist is hilarious 	1
an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women 	0
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue 	0
quick-witted than any english lit 	1
of those rare pictures 	1
redeeming feature 	1
-- full of life and small delights -- 	1
such a perfect medium for children 	1
a treasure chest 	1
mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . 	0
's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score 	1
are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	1
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting . 	1
when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	0
it has fun with the quirks of family life , but 	1
very amusing 	1
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope . 	1
him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 	0
a life like this can sound so dull 	0
as comfort food often can 	1
to just die already 	0
vibrantly 	1
, this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 	0
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing . 	1
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity . 	1
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking . 	0
often touching 	1
too bad maggio could n't come up with a better script . 	0
the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen 	1
just another voyeuristic spectacle 	0
munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters . 	1
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters 	0
have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film 	1
an awful lot like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . 	0
blacked out in the lobby 	0
downright movie penance 	0
like you were n't invited to the party 	0
honesty , insight and humor 	1
their computer-animated faces 	0
it 's an effort to watch this movie 	0
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval . 	0
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman 	1
by extension , accomplishments 	1
gender politics 	0
gorgeous beaches 	1
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights 	1
( jeff 's ) gorgeous , fluid compositions 	1
makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should 	1
comes alive 	1
13 conversations about one thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 	1
, paralyzed 	0
are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field 	1
stands as one of the great films about movie love . 	1
deliver a fair bit of vampire fun 	1
the actors involved in the enterprise 	1
always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	1
in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction 	1
i 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . 	0
a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery 	1
delighted 	1
predictable and cloying 	0
to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it 	0
thanks to huston 's revelatory performance 	1
is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch 	0
my little eye is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years . 	1
like one long 	0
energy 	1
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly . 	1
cheated 	0
irritating films 	0
stopped challenging himself 	0
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but 	0
an unabashedly romantic picture 	1
play fine 	1
that 's not saying much 	0
sleazy 	0
a homage 	1
the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	0
i like it . 	1
forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies 	0
nervy and memorable 	1
photographed and beautifully recorded 	1
ace 	1
tired retread 	0
never takes hold . 	0
is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 	0
ill-wrought hypothesis 	0
ararat far more demanding than it needs to be 	0
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year . 	1
so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 	1
original talent 	1
was beginning to hate it 	0
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet . 	1
has a handful of smart jokes 	1
ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's 	0
are woven together skilfully 	1
barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 	1
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , 	0
... with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 	1
your own cleverness 	1
disoriented but occasionally 	0
voice is rather unexceptional 	0
a really cool bit 	1
reach satisfying conclusions 	1
director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture 	0
a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism 	1
refreshingly , 	1
nearly every cliché 	0
something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance 	1
manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy 	0
pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish 	0
speaks more of the season than the picture 	0
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : 	1
cleaner , and deeper 	1
a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 	0
chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists 	0
loud , low-budget and tired formula film 	0
's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids 	1
see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . 	1
is a brilliant movie 	1
is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . 	0
of time , money and celluloid 	0
because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin 	0
be depressing , 	0
is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . 	0
into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long 	0
with such confidence 	1
that , in itself , is extraordinary . 	1
starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points 	0
the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis 	1
coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film 	1
some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care 	0
uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . 	1
a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults 	1
own brightly colored dreams 	1
of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure 	1
is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw 	0
's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look . 	1
the downward spiral 	0
, they succeed 	1
, directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix . 	1
... `` bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ... 	1
indispensable 	1
invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . 	1
a heavy stench of ` been there , done 	0
midlife crisis 	0
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life . 	1
from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen 	1
` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . 	1
extremely languorous rhythms 	0
as it provides a fresh view of an old type 	1
as a bitter pill 	0
even if you 're an elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . 	0
episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight 	0
the mediterranean sparkles 	1
does a good job 	1
seems to take an unseemly pleasure in ( the characters ' ) misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it 	0
for lameness 	0
have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 	1
... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere . 	0
the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians 	1
truly in love with a girl 	1
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. 	1
comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is 	0
the origins 	1
something of a stiff -- 	0
a disaster of a story 	0
disappoint the action 	0
wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time . 	1
's really wrong with this ricture 	0
worthy and devastating 	1
the same blueprint 	0
never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 	1
impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon 	1
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism 	0
with unimpeachable clarity 	1
too is a bomb . 	0
kong action 	1
a walk to remember '' 	1
superficially written 	0
rush to the theater for this one 	1
compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people 	0
much of a plunge 	0
` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	1
you 've seen it all before 	0
seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception 	0
the slapstick is labored , 	0
frequently misses the mark 	0
congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much ! 	1
... another example of how sandler is losing his touch . 	0
of visual flair 	1
superb 	1
us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them 	1
, to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 	1
their lofty perch 	1
showdown 	0
quirky characters and an engaging story 	1
alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , 	0
goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability 	0
what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script . 	1
comic touch 	1
has little clue 	0
meandering , low on energy , and 	0
gives her best 	1
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon . 	1
like being trapped at a bad rock concert 	0
forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting 	0
enticing prospect 	1
swung me around 	1
for most of the movie 's success 	1
essentially ruined -- 	0
treats us 	1
remarkable ensemble cast 	1
i do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't 	0
be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families 	0
in the dullest kiddie flicks 	0
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , 	1
at best , i 'm afraid . 	0
's , it 's simply unbearable 	0
lucratively 	1
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line . 	1
are a little too big for her mouth 	0
dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot 	1
between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . 	1
intended for the home video market 	0
'' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	1
works well enough to make it worth watching 	1
it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 	0
the best , most 	1
the self-image of drooling idiots 	0
toilet-humor codswallop 	0
combined with the misconceived final 5 	0
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films 	1
hold dear about cinema 	1
while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . 	1
have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand 	1
the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate 	0
a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 	0
... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year . 	1
a film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure . 	1
if you 're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for . 	1
wonderfully loopy 	1
loud , ugly , irritating 	0
resorting to camp 	0
so bland and 	0
care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 	0
funny pace 	1
, it 's a pale imitation . 	0
will most likely doze off during this one . 	0
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work 	0
stop-and-start pacing 	0
sucked . 	0
logic and misuse 	0
you have to check your brain at the door 	0
, timeless and universal tale 	1
ruined his career 	0
the pool drowned me in boredom . 	0
it 's what makes their project so interesting 	1
good thriller . 	1
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , 	0
good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . 	1
rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness 	0
provocative 	1
love , memory , history 	1
's thoroughly winning tone 	1
as saccharine movies go 	0
comforting 	1
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was 	0
is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force 	1
to believe in your dreams 	1
he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me 	0
only self-aware neurotics engage in 	1
contriving 	0
for a silly hack-and-slash flick 	0
of education 	1
provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen 	1
it 's still quite worth seeing 	1
's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest 	0
a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say 	1
finds its humor 	1
walter hill 's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros. . 	1
the perfect star vehicle for grant 	1
as telling a country skunk 	0
the perfect movie many have made it out to be 	1
, sometimes funny 	1
contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion . 	1
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding 	0
offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . 	1
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy . 	1
long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy 	1
the story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge . 	0
intelligence , wit or innovation 	1
though its story is only surface deep 	1
exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit 	0
burning 	0
its clever concept 	1
like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening 	0
well-mounted history lesson 	1
the komediant is a tale worth catching . 	1
is what we call the ` wow ' factor . 	1
may be based on a true and historically significant story 	1
so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through 	0
the plot and a powerfully evocative mood 	1
the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 	0
to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats 	1
is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects . 	1
's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth 	1
the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking . 	1
is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining 	0
a very tasteful rock and 	1
poor remake 	0
brought off with considerable wit 	1
its weaknesses 	0
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid . 	1
non-stop funny feast 	1
with this silly little puddle of a movie 	0
's uninteresting . 	0
a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop 	1
crummy 	0
destroy is also a creative urge 	0
has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 	0
's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something 	1
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , 	0
's not too fast and not too slow . 	1
lucky break is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump . 	0
pilot episode 	1
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up 	1
, eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 	0
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but 	0
already littered with celluloid garbage 	0
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... 	1
scrutiny 	0
on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing 	0
give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed . 	0
an imaginatively mixed cast 	1
the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 	0
to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing 	1
did n't smile . 	0
satisfy 	1
the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . 	0
at a tough-man contest 	0
be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely 	0
infantile cross-dressing routines 	0
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas . 	0
'll only put you to sleep . 	0
cold light 	0
based on dave barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story . 	1
is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film 	1
more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 	1
a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team 	1
, the trip there is a great deal of fun . 	1
be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 	1
funny situations 	1
as those monologues stretch on and on 	0
is a career-defining revelation 	1
is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities 	0
make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . 	0
and sickening product placement 	0
of the startling intimacy 	1
yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit . 	0
a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage 	0
enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . 	1
listless and desultory 	0
a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor 	1
poor casting 	0
a tour de force of modern cinema . 	1
underrated professionals 	1
of elegant wit and artifice 	1
's horribly depressing and not very well done . 	0
the master of disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live . ' 	0
farts , urine 	0
're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . 	0
while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie . 	1
left us cold 	0
refreshed 	1
lifeless execution . 	0
evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun 	1
an art film 	1
echoes 	1
including a knockout of a closing line 	1
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man 	1
a harrowing account 	1
predictably 	0
bland , surfacey 	0
admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies 	1
belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public 	1
what 's infuriating about full frontal 	0
the buoyant energy level 	1
think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline 	1
when various characters express their quirky inner selves 	1
few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works 	1
that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny 	0
to cram earplugs 	0
, it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 	1
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . 	1
you wanting to abandon the theater 	0
can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . 	1
as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die 	1
blob 	0
its awkward structure 	0
excuse to eat popcorn 	0
the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt 	0
over the head with a moral 	1
are actually releasing it into theaters 	0
castrated 	0
are included 	1
entering 	1
-- you 'll love this movie . 	1
it has its faults , but 	0
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness 	1
quirkily appealing minor movie 	1
hitchcock 's 	1
media-soaked 	0
a hands-off approach 	0
its most delightful moments 	1
daring and beautifully made . 	1
lost on the target audience 	0
hopelessly out 	0
far from disappointing 	1
suck up 	0
's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue 	0
are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty 	1
to seek our tears , our sympathies 	1
- hour , dissipated length . 	0
photographed and beautifully recorded . 	1
be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all 	1
of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 	0
falls short 	0
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't . 	0
will probably 	1
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still 	0
uplifting 	1
too placid 	0
shows crushingly little curiosity about , 	0
if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences 	0
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 	1
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens . 	0
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach 	1
is marvelous 	1
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents 	0
some of the more overtly silly dialogue 	0
the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker . 	1
look ahead and resist living in a past 	1
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before . 	1
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit 	0
crafted , and well 	1
highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making 	1
a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made 	1
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 	1
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; 	0
the perfect cure for insomnia 	0
almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time 	1
reason to miss interview with the assassin 	0
is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale 	0
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . 	1
's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this 	0
on a potentially interesting idea 	1
runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem . 	1
just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 	1
after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers 	1
's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels 	0
real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . 	1
we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why 	1
made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch . 	0
feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life 	0
its best moments 	1
a disappointingly thin slice 	0
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties . 	1
is not 	0
refreshing 	1
go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches . 	1
the most disappointing woody allen movie 	0
garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . ' 	0
the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 	0
creative action 	1
in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . 	0
delivers 	1
humor and humanity 	1
enthralling drama 	1
gorgeous and 	1
to trivialize the material 	0
resist 	0
, the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one . 	0
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel . 	1
a stately sense 	1
that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances 	0
claustrophic , suffocating and chilly 	0
warmth to go around , with music and laughter 	1
the performances are remarkable . 	1
that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama 	0
looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 	0
tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie 	0
skeeved 	0
one bright shining star 	1
is doa . 	0
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least . 	0
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow 	0
all things insipid 	0
compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering 	1
heartwarming film 	1
iconoclastic uses 	1
the novel 	1
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is . 	1
on an intoxicating show 	1
the acting ranges from bad to bodacious 	0
grandiloquent 	1
one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness 	0
powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt 	1
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral . 	0
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving . 	0
wonderful tale 	1
uncompelling the movie 	0
an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson 	1
near-masterpiece . 	1
in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt 	1
dismay 	0
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it . 	1
, that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ... 	0
who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor 	1
the book 's irreverent energy 	1
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable . 	1
uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt 	1
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her 	1
( than leon ) 	1
provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee 	0
its intended audience -- children -- 	1
the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it 	1
be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play 	1
ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album 	0
how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were 	0
enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor 	1
like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer 	1
fuzziness 	0
plain lurid 	0
very believable 	1
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away . 	0
her tragedies 	0
waking coma 	0
terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences 	1
they will have a showdown , but , 	1
a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films 	1
giving it a strong thumbs up 	1
no satisfaction 	0
the tear-jerking demands 	1
is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves 	0
like acid 	0
shallow and glib 	0
by turns very dark and very funny 	1
this movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad . 	0
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and 	1
a different and emotionally reserved type 	0
engaging criminal 	1
groundbreaking endeavor 	1
enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over . 	1
is really all about performances 	1
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , 	1
the baseball-playing monkey 	1
as stiff , ponderous and charmless 	0
's pretty stupid . 	0
of the worst dialogue 	0
no amount of imagination , 	0
go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike 	0
its chosen topic 	0
vivid imagination 	1
one terrific score 	1
rah-rah 	1
brutally honest 	1
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious 	0
too few laughs 	0
thoughtless , random , superficial humor and 	0
oddly whimsical 	1
freshman fluke 	0
as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy 	1
seemingly 	1
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and 	1
dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 	0
worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles 	1
to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb 	1
more repetition than creativity 	0
designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense 	0
flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set 	0
was essentially , 	1
anything fresh 	1
the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways . 	1
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful 	1
penetrating 	1
as intelligent 	1
the emotions seem authentic 	1
sexy and 	1
the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery 	1
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags 	1
a solid movie 	1
the worthy successor 	1
captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper . 	1
of the best films 	1
wit and warmth 	1
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue . 	0
its low groan-to-guffaw ratio 	0
difficult , endless 	0
, super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . 	0
a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something . 	0
at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois 	0
does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue 	1
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat . 	1
will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals . 	0
a loose , poorly structured film 	0
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` a walk to remember '' succeeds through sincerity . 	1
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history 	1
juicy soap opera 	1
a charming but slight comedy . 	1
you see it in these harrowing surf shots 	1
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts 	0
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black . 	0
, however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 	1
to this film that may not always work 	0
a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes 	1
admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint 	1
might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog 	0
only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind 	0
's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 	1
rank frustration from those 	0
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill 	1
is filled with strange and wonderful creatures . 	1
the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas . 	0
failed jokes , twitchy acting 	0
this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . 	1
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , 	1
one hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . 	0
structured and 	1
's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles 	1
angel 	1
just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market 	0
the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile 	1
lacks in outright newness 	0
interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 	0
rich detail condensed 	1
just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through 	0
does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve . 	0
janey 	1
more tacky and reprehensible 	0
a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur 	1
the cockettes ) provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . ' 	1
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit 	1
enormously good 	1
but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time 	0
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters 	0
offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor 	1
hollywood war-movie stuff 	0
, like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . 	1
wafer-thin movie 	0
seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum 	0
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids 	1
that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire 	0
that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel 	1
understated performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career . 	1
that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again 	1
true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at . 	0
poignant and wryly amusing film 	1
the historical , philosophical , and 	1
miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life 	0
rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics 	0
much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 	0
eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons 	0
patchy combination of soap opera , 	0
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and 	0
be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film 	0
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes 	1
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception . 	1
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and 	1
his surprising discovery 	1
children 	1
served up with heart and humor 	1
bring their characters to life 	1
, poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull 	0
works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful 	0
an awfully good , achingly human picture . 	1
take on the upscale lifestyle 	1
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation 	0
so insanely stupid , so awful 	0
coma 	0
guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort 	1
is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn 	1
takes a hat-in-hand approach 	1
always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story 	1
i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care 	0
captures a life interestingly lived 	1
has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out 	1
and it is . 	1
most uncanny 	1
, you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 	0
emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking 	1
tender sermon 	1
we had no trouble sitting for blade ii . 	1
secondhand , 	0
one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 	0
to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense 	1
overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph 	1
'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point . 	0
have been lost in the translation 	0
, dramatized pbs program 	0
i know i should n't have laughed , but 	1
abject suffering 	0
a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop 	0
's not that funny -- 	0
retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him 	1
the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive 	0
is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious 	1
skip the film and 	0
compels 	1
rich historical subject 	1
put up with 146 minutes of it 	0
sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special 	0
finds warmth 	1
, funny 	1
love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots 	0
liking showgirls 	1
a film , and such a stultifying , 	0
bad film 	0
under cars 	1
susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up 	1
the best performance from either in years 	1
a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project 	0
mushy as peas 	0
undercut by the voice of the star of road trip 	0
right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together 	1
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally . 	0
fantasies 	1
the ranks 	1
survive a screening with little harm done 	0
may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen 	0
, the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . 	1
sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead 	0
a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation 	1
if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn . 	0
yeah 	1
been done before but never so vividly or 	1
the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie . 	1
with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope 	1
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 	0
ploddingly sociological commentary 	0
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort 	1
just does n't make sense 	0
myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 	0
the highest production values you 've ever seen 	1
exuberance 	1
is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham . 	1
naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks 	0
will forgive the flaws and love the film . 	1
a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish 	0
the story relevant in the first place 	1
heart or conservative 	1
unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness 	0
careless 	0
nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding 	0
paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal 	0
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque . 	0
see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings 	1
that rohmer still has a sense of his audience 	1
lightweight 	0
works superbly here 	1
period-perfect 	1
an uncomfortable movie 	0
crimes 	0
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . 	1
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , 	1
a rock-solid little genre picture 	1
an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut 	1
deliciously 	1
bring off 	1
have given it a one-star rating 	0
she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl 	1
mr. deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 	0
... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 	0
you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort 	0
a film so cold and dead 	0
its director 's cut glory 	1
suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction 	1
directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism 	1
seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) 	1
gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry 	1
if it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch . 	1
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history 	1
the following things are not at all entertaining 	0
to create images you wish you had n't seen 	0
excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope . 	1
burnt-out 	0
with talent 	1
rush through 	0
it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen 	0
recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt 	0
keeps you 	1
that rare family movie -- 	1
have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches 	1
rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart . 	1
hoary dialogue , 	0
oscar-sweeping 	1
deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture 	1
be disappointed 	0
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie 	0
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable 	0
deal funnier 	1
the first one charming 	1
uplifter . 	1
so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun 	0
did n't know what kind of movie they were making 	0
the performances are so overstated 	0
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels 	0
without ( de niro ) , city by the sea would slip under the waves . 	0
can be fertile sources of humor 	1
a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny 	0
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision . 	1
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and 	0
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment . 	1
that might be best forgotten 	0
rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . 	1
leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites . 	0
sick and 	0
its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure . 	0
... an interesting slice of history . 	1
is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 	1
( ferrera ) 	0
it 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones . 	1
unusual power 	1
shimmeringly lovely 	1
wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams . 	1
are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ? 	0
wears thin 	0
be captivated , 	1
in remembrance 	1
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating 	1
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and 	1
so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 	0
better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh 	1
keep this fresh 	1
reasonably creative eighth-grader 	0
the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance 	0
it 's an entertaining movie , and 	1
, it can seem tiresomely simpleminded . 	0
logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd 	0
that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title 	0
unlikable , uninteresting , 	0
the plot is paper-thin 	0
creepiness 	0
is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness . 	1
is just sooooo tired . 	0
looks closely , insightfully 	1
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma . 	0
modestly surprising 	1
a lot of flavor and spice 	1
`` analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . 	0
stands out 	1
phoned-in business 	0
of the funniest motion 	1
evolves 	1
a work of extraordinary journalism , 	1
the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy 	0
helped change a nation 	1
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick . 	0
get the same love story and parable 	1
exactly how bad 	0
in crisis 	0
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see 	1
a guilt-free trip 	1
like the wanderers and a bronx tale 	1
overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama 	0
meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen 	0
unblinking work 	1
her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair 	0
( a ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting . 	1
instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull 	0
emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 	1
part of that delicate canon 	1
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , 	0
one terrific story 	1
the story is predictable 	0
more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 	0
a movie you can trust 	1
it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special 	0
, besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 	1
the home alone formula 	1
is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings 	1
horrid 	0
shallow and immature character 	0
the best 	1
real masterpiece 	1
good little movie 	1
exceedingly rare 	1
comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 	0
professionals 	1
of the best rock 	1
, has stopped challenging himself 	0
more than a worthwhile effort 	1
ms. bullock 's best work 	1
's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés 	0
abandon 	0
is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting 	1
to be that rarity among sequels 	1
of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun 	1
a fresh , entertaining comedy that 	1
competent , unpretentious 	1
really solid 	1
an undeniably moving film to experience , 	1
been there done that . 	0
designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe 	0
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed . 	1
itself , a playful spirit 	1
one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt 	1
real pleasure in its laid-back way 	1
recommend 	1
makes two hours feel like four 	0
, the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes . 	0
takes hold . 	1
a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place 	0
the acting , for the most part 	1
's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness 	1
that 's a liability . 	0
which is often preachy and poorly acted 	0
when your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ? 	0
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , 	1
melancholic 	0
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way 	1
as well its delightful cast 	1
is the far superior film 	1
modernize it with encomia 	1
has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net 	1
if you liked the previous movies in the series 	1
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine 	1
the saturday morning cartoons 	1
flourishes and 	1
bounces 	1
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years 	1
new york 's finest 	1
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . 	0
swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award 	0
how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' 	0
retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision 	1
your interest until the end and 	1
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit 	0
some of the computer animation is handsome , 	1
much more watchable 	1
stylish but steady , and 	1
with tension 	0
as sharp as a samurai sword 	1
gritty police thriller 	1
low-tech magic realism and , at times , 	0
most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved 	0
counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity 	1
is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . 	1
gradually makes us believe she is kahlo 	1
a fine , understated piece of filmmaking 	1
is still good fun 	1
unexpectedly rewarding 	1
moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it 	0
of emotional blandness 	0
the startling intimacy 	1
shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull . 	0
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives 	0
so graceless and devoid 	0
do n't bother 	0
liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed 	0
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . 	1
it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer 	0
promising premise 	1
bad premise 	0
is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie 	0
dehumanizing and 	0
strongest and 	1
equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 . 	0
a delightful entree in the tradition 	1
it 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . 	0
uses the last act to reel in the audience 	1
several survivors , 	1
a fall 	0
tired of going where no man has gone before 	0
's endgame 	1
strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin 	0
is well established 	1
smirk 	0
the biggest problem with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa 	0
of mediocre acting 	0
leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects 	0
is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context 	1
with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many 	1
somewhat touched 	1
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny . 	0
amoral assassin 	0
most aggressive and most sincere attempt 	1
hot topics 	1
... despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . ' 	1
a high-end john hughes comedy , 	1
is rote spookiness 	0
the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance 	0
occasional smiles 	1
have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept 	0
that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated 	0
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich . 	1
averting an american-russian armageddon 	1
becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair 	0
to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine 	0
suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits . 	0
now as a former gong show addict 	1
the potential success 	1
did we really need a remake of `` charade 	0
unassuming 	0
having two guys yelling in your face for two hours 	0
soft-porn 	0
stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ? 	0
becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	0
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it . 	0
has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	0
funniest and most likeable 	1
can render it anything but laughable 	0
barely shocking , barely interesting 	0
solid , satisfying 	1
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . 	0
enigma is well-made , 	1
keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera 	0
fully formed and remarkably assured 	1
it turns out to be affected and boring 	0
ayurveda does the field no favors 	0
reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls 	1
will want to see over and over again . 	1
had their hearts in the right place 	1
painfully awful 	0
classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains 	1
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending 	1
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults . 	1
of deep feeling 	1
less than 	0
a treat -- 	1
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical 	0
con 	0
a faster paced family flick . 	1
is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds 	0
's not funny 	0
award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens 	1
rocky and 	1
under the weight of too many story lines 	0
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety 	0
considerably less ambitious 	0
clunky 	0
much dramatic impact 	1
made no such thing 	0
against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family 	0
thanks to an astonishingly witless script 	0
the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism . 	0
most moronic screenplays 	0
's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough . 	1
it 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . 	0
so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type 	0
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half . 	1
loses all bite on the big screen 	0
exceptionally charming 	1
highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within . 	0
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , 	0
although commentary on nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale . 	1
enticing and often 	1
joyous documentary 	1
' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . 	1
melodrama and 	0
) homage 	1
north or south vietnamese 	1
questions cinema 's capability for recording truth . 	0
no real point 	0
lavish formalism 	1
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed . 	0
most watchable 	1
then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound 	0
by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick 	0
exploit the familiar 	0
, it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . 	0
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys . 	1
are having so much fun 	1
a matinee price 	1
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 . 	0
the movie 's seams may show 	0
who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream 	1
revel in its splendor 	1
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david 's point of view . 	1
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring . 	0
's a masterpiece . 	1
an ambitious film 	1
with a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 	0
cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . ' 	0
, around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 	0
an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 	1
there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and 	1
epiphany 	1
entirely charming 	1
brightly 	1
is equally hackneyed 	0
featuring reams of flatly 	0
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito 's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . 	0
makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing 	1
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- 	1
live happily ever after 	1
misogyny and unprovoked violence 	0
you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 	1
wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening 	0
the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work 	0
talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires 	1
flawed and brilliant 	1
to the serbs themselves 	1
tender movements 	1
feels cheated 	0
, wistful new film 	1
both exuberantly romantic and serenely 	1
continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio 	1
schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins 	1
old world war 	1
court maneuvers 	1
off the element of surprise 	1
follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling 	0
road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing . 	1
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely 	0
it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	0
is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue . 	1
spotty script 	0
there are great rewards here . 	1
looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining 	1
the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made 	1
a stately sense of composition 	1
one of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends . 	0
actually clicks . 	1
it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm 	1
dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement 	0
scripted 	0
most devastating flaw 	0
drop 	0
feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun . 	1
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . 	1
more interesting 	1
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve 	1
comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow 	0
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard . ' 	0
is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes . 	0
intellect and 	1
its worst 	0
blithe exchanges 	1
, brisk delight 	1
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being . 	1
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year . 	1
` direct-to-video ' release 	0
if it were n't silly 	0
woe 	0
a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor 	0
is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance 	0
provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect 	1
transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair 	1
more depressing than entertaining 	0
takes hold and grips hard . 	1
it slow , predictable and not very amusing 	0
it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés 	0
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults 	1
were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one 	0
see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . 	1
misses its emotions 	0
at meaningful cinema 	1
about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 	0
succeeds primarily 	1
too simple 	0
for instance , good things happen to bad people 	0
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise . 	1
be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro 	0
of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists 	1
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , 	0
consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny 	1
quirky , slightly strange french films 	1
funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work 	1
undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos . 	1
offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . 	0
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb . 	0
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject 	1
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable . 	0
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love 	1
below is well below expectations . 	0
a good noir 	1
familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . 	0
disjointed 	0
may have to keep on looking . 	0
enough energy and excitement 	1
's the russian word for wow !? ' 	1
positively dreadful 	0
of clichés , depression and bad alternative music 	0
of minor shortcomings 	0
tumbleweeds 	0
complete wash 	0
that 's neither completely enlightening , 	0
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . 	0
spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy . 	0
emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary 	0
value cash above credibility . 	0
extravagant 	1
a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time 	1
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon . 	1
is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation . 	1
puzzling 	0
can out-bad-act the other 	0
has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested . 	1
sour little movie 	0
the four feathers comes up short 	0
a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch 	1
directorial tour de force 	1
with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise 	0
nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure . 	1
hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction 	1
understatement 	0
is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 	0
revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling 	1
a timid , soggy near miss 	0
and funky look 	1
it look like a masterpiece 	1
... post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves . 	0
where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream 	0
an ) 	1
it 's funny . 	1
well acted by the four primary actors 	1
like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . 	1
must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face . 	1
offers winning performances and some effecting moments 	1
what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes . 	0
this animated adventure 	1
as a pale successor 	0
desperate miscalculation 	0
of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree 	1
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack . 	0
a fantastic dual performance from ian holm 	1
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait 	1
has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more 	0
makes it worth checking out at theaters 	1
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond 	1
the abyss 	0
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s . 	1
an interesting story 	1
two hours feel like four 	0
call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity . 	1
survive a screening with little harm done , 	1
it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works . 	1
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough 	1
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright 	0
relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view . 	1
seems contrived and secondhand 	0
could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was 	0
seriously intended 	1
builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with 	1
's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars 	0
proficient , dull 	0
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression 	1
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; 	1
absolute delight 	1
from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor 	1
wondrously creative 	1
serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable 	0
picture that illustrates an american tragedy 	1
is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album 	0
the complex , politically charged tapestry 	1
richly 	1
majestic 	1
its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters 	0
if religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away . 	0
's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	0
's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex 	0
of its provocative conclusion 	1
gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day . 	1
an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties 	1
has at least one more story to tell : his own 	1
although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work . 	1
's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be . 	1
by the sketchiest of captions 	0
its classical music 	1
be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike 	1
a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds 	0
change a nation 	1
, flashy , overlong soap opera . 	0
to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy 	1
' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . 	0
almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun 	0
who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot 	0
that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to 	1
several cliched movie structures 	0
where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug 	0
makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy 	0
frustrating patchwork 	0
's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart . 	1
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ? 	0
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and 	1
sensational 	1
don 	1
were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is 	1
made it dull , lifeless , and irritating 	0
this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight . 	1
picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film . 	1
that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) 	1
directed without the expected flair or imagination 	0
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances 	1
cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 	0
draws you in 	1
fatal script error 	0
is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema 	1
a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head 	1
scummy ripoff 	0
worth 	1
bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . 	1
comes off as a touching , transcendent love story 	1
`` snl '' has-been 	0
spiked by jolts of pop music 	1
much baked cardboard 	0
transcendence 	1
which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable 	0
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie . 	1
heartfelt and 	1
perfect for a ballplayer 	1
consistently sensitive and 	1
grace that still leaves shockwaves 	1
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking 	0
in treading the line between sappy and sanguine 	0
hollywood road 	1
a spirit 	1
a bright future 	1
gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing 	1
it is spooky and subtly in love with myth 	1
beautiful to watch 	1
maelstrom is strange and compelling , 	1
for a thirteen-year-old 's book report 	0
beijing 	1
admittedly manipulative 	0
one hollywood cliche 	0
, rain is the far superior film . 	1
be punishable by chainsaw 	0
the film with a creepy and dead-on performance 	1
sometimes inexpressive 	0
the cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired . 	1
a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows 	0
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , 	0
ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot 	0
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something 	0
feel like running out screaming 	0
will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience 	1
feel the love 	1
because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience 	0
is as generic as its title . 	0
freewheeling trash-cinema roots 	0
subtle and richly internalized performance 	1
it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at . 	1
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . 	1
is so bleak 	0
it 's a compelling and horrifying story 	1
exploit his anger 	1
subconscious 	1
goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes 	0
terrific special effects and funnier gags 	1
vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw 	1
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence . 	0
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives 	0
outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today 	1
hard to resist his enthusiasm 	1
pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics 	0
upsetting and thought-provoking 	1
this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men 	1
a bad , bad , bad movie 	0
the messiness 	0
sparkles 	1
anguish 	0
star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film 	1
to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia 	1
the film did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side . 	0
the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos 	0
charming in comedies like american pie 	1
as naturally 	1
nostalgic 	1
its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	1
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long 	0
a struggling nobody 	0
audacious-impossible yet compelling ... 	1
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net 	1
a miraculous movie , i 'm going home is so slight , 	1
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired 	0
dialogue and murky cinematography 	0
so meditative and lyrical 	1
merely pretentious 	0
soulful , 	1
's at once laughable and compulsively watchable 	1
nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness . 	1
a good film 	1
novel charm 	1
the bad sound 	0
perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die 	1
does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating . 	0
complete 	1
liked this film a lot ... 	1
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : 	0
last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise 	1
wickedly funny and 	1
helps create a complex , unpredictable character . 	1
keep parents away 	0
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . 	1
lift the spirits of the whole family 	1
nonstop hoot 	1
a detailed personal portrait 	1
better person 	1
of its characters , its protagonist , or of us 	1
an engrossing story 	1
for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh 	1
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) . 	1
a cute alien creature 	1
may not be particularly innovative 	0
never comes close to being either funny or scary 	0
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time 	0
of a beautifully sung holiday carol 	1
without sacrificing the integrity of the opera 	1
a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships 	1
, melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears 	1
a good time for both children and parents 	1
make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman 	1
dumbness 	0
heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear 	1
check 	1
poignant japanese epic 	1
jarring , new-agey tone 	1
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope . 	1
the peculiar american style of justice 	1
cool , composed delivery 	1
a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . 	0
stands out from the pack 	1
the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point 	0
a conventional , but well-crafted film 	1
told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing 	1
few points 	0
cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything . 	1
avoids the obvious 	0
classic cinema 	1
a sweet treasure and something well worth 	1
admirers 	1
losers 	0
is in trouble 	0
higher 	1
a real filmmaker 	1
is no denying the power of polanski 's film ... 	1
own most damning censure 	0
discursive 	0
that never really busts out of its comfy little cell 	0
little attempt 	0
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the 	1
very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes 	1
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , 	1
you do n't try to look too deep into the story 	0
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole 	0
most important and exhilarating 	1
creepy-scary 	1
a reasonably good time 	1
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee 	0
for violence 	0
whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation 	1
realized through clever makeup design 	1
your seat , tense with suspense 	1
( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters . 	0
to tear your eyes away from the images 	1
if you only had a week to live 	0
sets this romantic comedy apart 	1
smart , compelling drama 	1
some success with documentaries 	1
is gorgeously 	1
instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ? 	0
is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 	1
watchable up until the point 	0
neither dramatic nor comic 	0
two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs 	0
playful spark 	1
anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone 	1
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved 	1
, like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough 	1
make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 	1
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . '' 	0
monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids 	0
is ingenious fun . 	1
goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl 	1
is n't as easy to come by as it used to be 	0
, film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation . 	0
must be a serious contender for the title . 	1
a straight-shooting family film 	1
painted on their largest-ever historical canvas 	1
that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 	0
a vision 	1
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . 	1
no cute factor here ... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 	0
might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener 	0
come up with a better script 	0
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art 	0
, ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . 	1
involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . 	1
is derivative 	0
-- more accurately , it 's moving 	1
off witty and sophisticated 	1
asks the right questions 	1
succeeded beyond all expectation 	1
of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies 	1
it 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety . 	1
immense 	1
impressive results 	1
looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments 	0
of the finest kind 	1
is also as unoriginal 	0
a two star script 	0
its grand locations 	1
miss it altogether 	0
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , 	0
's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . 	1
a compelling yarn 	1
its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois 	0
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating . 	0
( an ) absorbing documentary 	1
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and 	0
ultimately takes hold and grips hard . 	1
you 've a taste for the quirky 	1
the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids 	1
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america . 	1
is top shelf 	1
's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it 	0
the highly predictable narrative 	0
been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera 	0
so likable 	1
generational signpost 	1
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience 	1
unaffected style 	1
filled with love for the movies of the 1960s 	1
bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness 	0
find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness . 	0
fit the incredible storyline 	1
pure entertainment 	1
the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation 	1
these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people . 	1
a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining 	1
is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place 	1
dwells 	1
'' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . 	1
feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful 	0
nicole holofcener 's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style . 	1
might have fun in this cinematic sandbox 	1
obscure the message 	0
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . 	0
discloses almost nothing . 	0
by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss 	1
feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . 	0
has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements 	1
a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery 	0
shrewd , powerful act 	1
what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful 	1
is , by itself , deserving of discussion . 	1
first scene 	1
one-dimensional characters 	0
mostly due to its superior cast 	1
of the finest 	1
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration 	1
drama , 	0
the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 	0
these brats will ever be anything more than losers 	0
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is . 	1
's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . 	1
above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters 	0
to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth 	1
this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 	0
ca n't be dismissed as mindless 	1
to pack raw dough in my ears 	0
really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' 	1
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects 	1
novels to the big screen 	1
a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap 	0
, action-packed chiller 	1
all the enjoyable randomness 	1
flashy , overlong soap opera . 	0
offers chills much like those 	1
the history is fascinating ; 	1
as his outstanding performance as bond in die 	1
's updating works surprisingly well . 	1
does n't manage to hit all of its marks 	0
two whole hours 	0
the most wondrous love story in years 	1
like a cold old man going through the motions 	0
complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop 	0
drown a viewer in boredom 	0
a satisfying kids flck 	1
for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions 	1
try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about 	0
positives 	1
an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , 	0
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling 	0
, almost mystical work 	1
loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . 	0
complex portrait of a modern israel 	1
riveted to our seats . 	1
is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk . 	1
creepy 	0
nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema 	0
engage an audience 	1
adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed 	1
serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 	0
are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze . 	1
its own pretentious self-examination 	0
no new insight 	0
suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . 	0
be based on a true and historically significant story 	1
`` the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker . 	0
to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 	0
( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material . 	0
's the perfect star vehicle for grant , 	1
whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people 	0
propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world 	1
's a terrible movie in every regard , and 	0
has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s . 	0
little vidgame pit 	0
largely unfunny 	0
is unashamedly pro-serbian 	0
3-d 	0
of the band 	1
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , 	1
complex than its sunny disposition 	1
some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies 	1
spirit is a visual treat , 	1
by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery 	1
soulless hunk 	0
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate . 	0
can only provide it with so much leniency . 	0
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other 	1
most unpleasant 	0
a staggeringly compelling character , 	1
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy . 	1
terrible adaptation 	0
a sentimental mess that never rings true . 	0
the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal . 	1
, you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 	0
a markedly inactive film , 	0
, interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity . 	1
while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . 	0
's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . 	0
charming and 	1
the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 	0
singing and finger 	1
instead go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance 	0
still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema 	1
the absurdity 	0
energizing 	1
( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up 	1
essentially ruined -- or 	0
that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire 	0
good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort 	1
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over . 	1
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom . 	0
a modestly made but 	1
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . 	0
the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family . 	1
while the movie is slightly less successful than the first 	0
with unexpected comedy 	1
achingly enthralling premise 	1
is so insanely dysfunctional 	0
's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . 	0
the picture itself is somewhat problematic 	0
killed my father 	0
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 	1
sweetness 	1
playful iranian parable 	1
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , 	0
is in need of a scented bath . 	0
thoroughly awful 	0
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin 	1
the costuming of the stars 	1
sitcom material 	0
relatively dry material 	0
the lively appeal 	1
in action 	1
try hard 	0
is the best he 's been in years 	1
green ruins every single scene he 's in , and 	0
presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet 	1
authentic account of a historical event 	1
is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . 	1
form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change 	1
too simple and 	0
as the old saying goes , because it 's true 	1
madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose . 	0
loses sight of its own story 	0
the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries 	0
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , 	0
gets added disdain for the fact 	0
like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead 	1
treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . 	0
funny bones tickled 	1
less ambitious 	0
a voice for a pop-cyber culture 	1
messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments 	1
literate 	1
, nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . 	1
whose sharp 	1
written so well 	1
strangling the life out 	0
as the movie traces mr. brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times . 	1
watered down the version of the one before 	0
have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie . 	0
intellect 	1
on audience patience 	0
it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness 	1
a feel-good movie 	1
charms 	1
is n't very interesting 	0
greatest triumph 	1
most magical 	1
be as lonely and needy 	0
so poorly 	0
refined piece 	1
entirely witless and inane , 	0
that the material is so second-rate . 	0
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance . 	0
why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 	0
the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	1
it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies 	0
a straight-ahead thriller 	1
a likable story , 	1
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious 	0
in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin 	0
uncertain 	0
, it really won my heart 	1
ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway 	0
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline 	1
the performances are amiable and committed 	1
describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 	1
rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop 	0
death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke . 	0
some sort of beacon of hope 	1
the film 's considerable charm 	1
fussing over 	0
could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker 	1
saving grace 	1
since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 	0
anything special , save for a few comic turns , 	0
sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . 	0
any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media 	0
makes it worth watching 	1
to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation 	0
its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case 	1
the history is fascinating 	1
last 15 minutes 	1
put so much time and energy into this turkey 	0
as a vehicle to savor binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile . 	1
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand . 	1
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing . 	0
fiascos 	0
the filmmakers ' eye for detail 	1
sparse 	0
small ... 	0
has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players 	1
reality shows for god 's sake 	0
slapdash disaster . 	0
sorry use of aaliyah in her one and 	0
old college try 	0
a bad movie 	0
propaganda film 	0
distressingly rote 	0
a timeless and unique perspective 	1
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't . 	1
formulaic , 	0
the skills of a calculus major at m.i.t. 	1
despite the surface attractions -- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 	1
i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered 	0
have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling 	1
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda . 	0
murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling . 	1
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense . 	0
about which you can actually feel good 	1
a wildly entertaining scan of evans ' career . 	1
turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning . 	1
is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . 	0
ache by the end of kung pow 	0
a welcome improvement 	1
narcissism 	0
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny . 	0
its unsettling prognosis 	0
is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 	1
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul 	1
it has its faults , 	0
where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad 	0
an engaging mystery 	1
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics 	1
they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count 	0
handsome widescreen photography 	1
is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later . 	1
visual charm or texture 	1
more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought 	0
a culture-clash comedy 	1
leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken 	1
relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty 	1
's defiantly and delightfully against the grain 	1
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . 	0
where story is almost an afterthought 	0
a conventional but heartwarming tale . 	1
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe 	0
communicates something 	1
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute . 	0
the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility 	0
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere . 	0
more of an ordeal than an amusement 	0
delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans . 	1
foul up shum 's good intentions 	0
bombs 	0
dramatic comedy 	1
... what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be 	0
it is a great film . 	1
from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings 	1
is not worth 	0
sincere , and just 	1
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance 	0
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : 	0
right at home 	1
tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 	1
the demented mind 	0
sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that 	0
plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties 	0
flavorful performances 	1
a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , 	1
to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams 	1
an entertainment 	1
wickedly funny , 	1
has many of the things that made the first one charming . 	1
a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe 	0
smashing success 	1
go anywhere new , 	1
adventure 	1
most opaque , 	1
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right 	1
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks 	0
sugar '' admirably 	1
notice the flaws 	0
bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction 	0
is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 	0
might not have gotten him into film school in the first place 	0
that should please history fans 	1
for what we can get on television for free 	0
strange it is , but delightfully so 	1
a great monster movie 	1
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost . 	1
's probably not accurate to call it a movie 	0
great sympathy and intelligence 	1
its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- 	1
ingratiating 	0
in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light 	1
's a lot of tooth in roger dodger 	1
is shallow , offensive and redundant , 	0
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started . 	1
family fundamentals gets you riled up 	1
and sometimes dry 	0
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works , invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . 	1
gap 	0
deserving of discussion 	1
no character , 	0
the worst kind of mythologizing , 	0
as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction . 	0
the worst of the entire franchise 	0
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar . 	0
the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful . 	1
see some interesting storytelling devices 	1
although i did n't hate this one 	1
there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 	1
a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout 	1
need of some trims 	0
self-consciously 	0
any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve 	0
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more 	0
manages to accomplish what few sequels can 	1
most touching movie of recent years 	1
that stretches the running time about 10 minutes 	0
such a good job 	1
do n't think so 	0
results is the best performance from either in years 	1
its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . 	1
a seriously intended movie 	1
wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films 	0
a bright , inventive 	1
hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie 	0
makes it all the more compelling 	1
blues 	0
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - 	0
its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact 	1
its seriousness and quality 	1
is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes 	0
robinson 's web of suspense 	1
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 	0
may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes 	0
's strongest and most touching movie of recent years 	1
equally impressive degree 	1
the minds and hearts 	1
has a lot of charm 	1
sidesplitting 	1
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , 	1
so crisp and economical in one false move 	1
into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller 	1
aging , suffering and the prospect of death 	0
in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . ' 	1
paint-by-numbers 	0
acted ... but 	0
be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it 	0
out of character and logically 	0
long 	0
the crisp clarity 	1
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . 	1
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film 	1
palpable 	1
reunion 	1
the cold 	0
anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all 	0
intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity 	1
directionless 	0
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks . 	1
more interesting -- and 	1
intricately 	1
of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in 	1
( sports ) admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency 	1
walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions -- 	0
that makes you feel genuinely good 	1
too erotic nor very thrilling 	0
that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 	0
trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness 	1
actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 	1
annoying , heavy-handed 	0
bring 	1
's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year 	1
's even more remarkable 	1
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing . 	0
proficient , dull sorvino 	0
consistent 	1
staring at a blank screen 	0
it 's undone by a sloppy script 	0
no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone 	1
no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery 	0
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth 	0
ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . ' 	0
, confused , and totally disorientated 	0
is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale . 	0
had all its vital essence scooped 	0
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and 	0
humdrum 	0
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , 	0
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing 	0
described as a ghost story gone badly awry . 	0
does the field no favors 	0
spirit , perception , conviction 	1
no , i love it ... hell , i dunno . 	1
's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue 	0
make a great team 	1
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints . 	1
knows how to make our imagination 	1
more confused , less interesting 	0
excitement in manufactured high drama 	0
he 's done 	0
slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 	1
in form 	1
shame americans , 	0
in its own way 	1
, auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ... 	0
the formula fresh again 	1
while the story goes nowhere 	0
it 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary . 	0
apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 	0
of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own 	0
will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay 	1
visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction . 	1
doing battle 	1
's just that it 's so not-at-all-good . 	0
is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen 	1
been much better 	0
inspired humor 	1
' and ` realistic ' 	1
solid acting 	1
that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 	1
lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships 	0
... that the material is so second-rate . 	0
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is 	0
cheat 	0
a frightening and compelling ` 	1
of characters in this picture 	1
's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination 	0
latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling 	0
betrayal , forgiveness and murder 	0
of the greatest films 	1
to the familiar topic of office politics 	1
of how sandler is losing his touch 	0
lukewarm and quick to pass 	0
a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people 	1
would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire 	0
realize , much to our dismay 	0
crushing disappointment 	0
some very good comedic songs , strong finish 	1
i have n't laughed that hard in years ! 	1
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . 	0
should have been the ultimate imax trip 	1
nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness 	0
, like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud 	1
a saga of the ups and downs of friendships 	1
extra points 	1
be a bit repetitive 	0
masterfully 	1
depressing , 	0
will find things to like 	1
for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 	1
no other purpose 	0
that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 	1
affects of cultural and geographical displacement . 	1
, humorless and under-inspired 	0
for a summer of good stuff 	1
dullest science fiction 	0
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness . 	0
sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point 	0
hilarious ) 	1
make us share their enthusiasm 	1
but it 's great cinematic polemic 	1
phenomenal band 	1
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . 	1
allusions 	1
well-made and satisfying 	1
radiant character portrait 	1
see a better thriller this year 	0
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair . 	0
as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period 	0
fitting 	1
pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	0
never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	0
a juicy soap opera 	1
a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) 	1
is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it 	0
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie 	0
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts . 	1
smack of a film school undergrad 	0
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché . 	0
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh 	1
unsubtle and 	0
obnoxious adults 	0
that seems tailor 	1
agreeably startling 	1
be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds 	1
with two fine , nuanced lead performances 	1
require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture 	0
goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks 	0
a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff 	0
's apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career 	1
an exquisite motion picture 	1
every scrap is of the darkest variety 	1
unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . 	0
it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 	0
feel anything much while watching this movie , 	0
that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	0
quirky characters , odd situations , and 	1
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack 	1
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- 	0
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty 	1
trust laughs 	1
the avant-garde fused with their humor 	1
broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity 	1
conventional , but well-crafted film 	1
cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . 	1
, carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 	0
cinematic fluidity and sense 	1
is insightful about kissinger 's background and history . 	1
want to see it twice 	1
manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in 	1
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be . 	1
a gentle and engrossing character 	1
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes 	0
's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be . 	0
begins on a high note 	1
straight-shooting family film 	1
rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters 	1
fast-moving and 	1
'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy . 	0
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates 	0
desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks 	0
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending . 	0
kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 	1
hitchcockian 	1
two best films 	1
of justice 	1
clinch him this year 's razzie 	0
feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake 	0
a marvel of production design 	1
when it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ? 	1
is in a class by itself 	1
that acting transfigures esther 	1
as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	0
standoffish to everyone else 	0
( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) 	1
is virtually unwatchable 	0
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too . 	1
two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned 	0
high humidity 	0
are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances 	1
some phenomenal performances 	1
a mediocre movie 	0
is bound to appreciate 	1
just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be 	1
cinematic poetry 	1
gifted 	1
( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers . 	0
superb performances 	1
everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced 	0
stooping to gooeyness 	0
slap me 	0
made me unintentionally famous 	1
indie . 	1
artfully 	1
( sci-fi ) rehash 	0
of his spiritual survival 	1
is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . 	1
how very bad 	0
profound without ever being self-important 	1
with a big impact 	1
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor . 	1
every bit as imperious 	0
just utter ` uhhh , ' 	0
it strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain . 	1
been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 	1
like having an old friend for dinner ' 	1
her grace with a moving camera 	1
gets harder and harder to understand her choices 	0
characters so unsympathetic 	0
boredom never takes hold . 	1
idealistic kid 	1
star/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own . 	1
one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies 	1
his difficult , endless work 	0
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme 	0
with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes 	1
is actually 	1
competent performers from movies , television and the theater 	1
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - 	1
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans . 	1
undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs 	0
is a comedy , both gentle and biting 	1
it 's worth taking the kids to . 	1
found it slow , predictable and not very amusing 	0
rigid and evasive 	0
sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 	0
plenty to enjoy 	1
on the shoulders of its actors 	1
to call this film a lump of coal 	0
mighty 	1
a sucker 	0
had this much imagination and nerve 	1
's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood 	1
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed 	1
describe as a castrated 	0
which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure 	1
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin . 	0
best special effects 	1
it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special . 	1
seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . 	0
, what a thrill ride 	1
wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work 	0
generates little narrative momentum , 	0
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid . 	0
the best 	1
ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah 	0
is a deeply unpleasant experience . 	0
direct-to-video 	0
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , 	1
map thematically and stylistically , and 	1
malcolm d. lee 	1
jagjit 	0
certain robustness 	1
can easily worm its way into your heart . 	1
'' is an actor 's movie first and foremost . 	1
no real sense of suspense 	0
a bit too eager to please 	0
it 's also pretty funny 	1
moved 	1
in search of purpose or even a plot 	0
especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time 	0
's kind of sad 	0
solutions 	1
a mess 	0
it is worth searching out . 	1
writer / director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity 	1
no real sense 	0
avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks 	0
the film is flat . 	0
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation . 	1
provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche 	1
visually and thematically 	1
untalented 	0
all too predictable and far too cliched 	0
extra-dry 	0
to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one 	0
can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . 	1
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week 	0
more quick-witted than any english lit 	1
the most part a useless movie , 	0
has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience 	0
i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it 	0
gorgeous epic 	1
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness 	0
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking 	0
is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride 	1
seriously , rent the disney version . 	0
only unsatisfactorily 	0
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat 	0
dismember 	0
its own existence 	1
lusty , 	1
comes off as annoying rather than charming 	0
is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be . 	1
bad , bad movie 	0
appeal to asian cult cinema fans 	1
easy film 	1
as bored 	0
have a case of masochism and an hour and a half 	0
after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy 	0
tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 	1
is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . 	1
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process . 	1
dull plots 	0
the actors pick up the slack 	1
imaginative and 	1
but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources . 	0
evans is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . 	0
enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other 	0
characteristic warmth 	1
landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs . 	1
's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 	0
, intellectually and logistically a mess . 	0
holding equilibrium up 	0
a heartfelt conviction 	1
deeply biased , 	0
amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 	0
this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain . 	1
this film should not be missed . 	1
fizzability 	0
well-formed 	1
clue you in that something 's horribly wrong 	0
and choppy recycling 	0
if you do n't understand what on earth is going on 	0
is so lovely toward the end 	1
sketchy characters and immature provocations 	0
for evil 	0
she may not be real 	0
panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat 	1
including a knockout of a closing line ) 	1
one makes 	1
more graceful 	1
never does `` lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan . '' 	0
half-hearted fluke 	0
: it 's not really funny . 	0
speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates . 	1
very lively dream 	1
this much imagination and 	1
'll know a star when you see one . 	1
who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 	0
berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance 	1
the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline 	0
being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and 	0
buy this stuff 	1
evans ) had , lost , and got back 	1
pinheads who talk throughout the show . 	0
engrossing film 	1
dare i say , entertaining ! 	1
, safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 	1
the perfectly pitched web 	1
ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness 	1
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , 	1
directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion 	0
of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character 	1
an all-star salute 	1
be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 	0
's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera 	0
see this delightful comedy 	1
limp eddie murphy 	0
tartly 	0
this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 	1
the movie is certainly not number 1 	0
everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill 	1
any shoddy product 	0
sensitive acting 	1
is a mess from start to finish 	0
hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing 	0
to the actress , and to her inventive director 	1
one of those ` alternate reality ' 	0
to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy 	1
reasonably entertaining sequel 	1
both a beautifully 	1
desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 	0
it may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . '' 	0
's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding 	0
essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered 	0
a whole lot 	1
boisterous 	1
a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film 	1
was so uninspiring 	0
of control on a long patch of black ice 	0
macaroni and cheese 	0
( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film 	1
the previous movies 	1
ugly and destructive little **** 	0
does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen 	0
invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series 	0
told well 	1
an asian neo-realist treasure . 	1
is technically sophisticated in the worst way . 	0
ever so gracefully 	1
watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself 	0
a comedy to start a reaction 	1
is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love 	1
kong action cinema 	1
with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing 	0
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers . 	0
eight crazy nights is a total misfire . 	0
talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark 	0
'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back 	0
it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences 	1
the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense 	0
do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament 	0
demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken 	1
ca n't really call it a work of art 	0
are so spot on 	1
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment 	1
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't 	0
's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days 	1
is the one 	1
stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering 	0
then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 	1
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars 	0
is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher . 	1
, it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 	1
of solid performances 	1
's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale . 	0
german jewish refugees 	0
is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string 	1
real human soul 	1
gives us mostly fool 's gold 	0
keener is marvelous 	1
energetic and always surprising performance 	1
of its grand locations 	1
get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees 	0
has a `` what was it all for 	0
does deliver a few gut-busting laughs 	1
-- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 	1
frankly , it 's pretty stupid . 	0
their own comfortable niche 	1
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year . 	0
have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . 	1
what 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . 	0
you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots 	1
protective cocoon 	1
seem heroic deserves a look 	1
ultimately disappoint the action 	0
refreshing and comical spin 	1
reading an oversized picture book before bedtime 	1
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket . 	1
achieves some kind of goofy grandeur 	1
grandeur ' shots 	1
hell-bent 	0
a modern motion picture 	1
the self-serious equilibrium 	0
it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 	1
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation 	1
strong voices 	1
the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance . 	1
shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly 	1
is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer . 	0
realism , crisp storytelling and radiant 	1
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing . 	0
such a dungpile 	0
an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 	1
this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget 	0
... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 	0
before it begins to fade from memory 	0
yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	1
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie 	1
very smart 	1
at least a minimal appreciation 	1
new inspiration 	1
slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease 	1
terrorism 	0
humane 	1
is impossible 	0
up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms 	0
elaborate futuristic sets 	1
is boring 	0
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but 	1
the standards of knucklehead swill 	0
of dramatic enlightenment 	1
from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud 	1
you 're going to face frightening late fees 	0
bring you into the characters 	1
the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood . 	1
're in for a painful ride 	0
issues ' 	0
numb experience 	0
fun adventure movie 	1
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams . 	1
empty , purposeless 	0
emphasis 	1
if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy ! 	0
rushed 	0
has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers 	1
befuddled 	0
has a good line in charm 	1
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding . 	1
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes 	0
afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn 	0
a landmark in film history 	1
finding their way to joy 	1
can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it 	0
a smart and funny 	1
by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks 	0
more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer 	1
when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns 	1
knows everything and answers all questions , 	1
new testament stories 	1
gets too cloying 	0
it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such . 	0
because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out 	1
find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 	0
play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking 	0
that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore 	0
too deep or substantial . 	0
based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior 	0
that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games 	1
ill-advised and poorly 	0
's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground 	0
ideas and awkwardness 	0
usual spielberg flair 	1
a film neither bitter nor sweet 	0
nothing happens , and 	0
badly cobbled 	0
clarity and deeply 	1
the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm 	1
, empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 	1
are pure hollywood 	1
an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing . 	1
has the disadvantage of also looking cheap 	0
's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair 	0
merrily 	1
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time . 	1
past love story derisions 	0
it may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns . 	1
more than a whiff of exploitation 	0
style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story 	1
of impact and moments 	1
a rip-off of the matrix 	0
probably should 	1
an escapist confection that 's pure entertainment . 	1
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced 	1
tedious and turgid 	0
is so anemic 	0
he gives none to the audience 	0
very top rank 	1
's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . 	1
are every bit as distinctive as his visuals 	1
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . 	0
powerful commentary 	1
is a weirdly beautiful place 	1
you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role . 	1
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . 	1
mindless and 	0
shindler 	1
as hannibal would say , yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . 	1
an amused indictment of jaglom 's own profession . 	1
manages to incorporate both the horror 	1
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited 	0
mostly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder . 	0
the ensemble has something fascinating to do 	1
catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness 	1
intelligent , and humanly funny film 	1
` top of the world ' 	1
smeary and 	0
is funny , insightfully human and 	1
future-world 	1
by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters 	0
despite its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script . 	0
is supposed to be madcap farce . 	0
with but they 're simply not funny performers 	0
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat 	0
too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer 	0
sequences boring 	0
no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance 	0
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and 	1
we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	0
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work 	1
appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché . 	0
compelling , provocative and prescient 	1
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage 	1
mean-spirited and 	0
( a ) real pleasure in its laid-back way 	1
start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line 	0
plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises 	0
pushiness and decibel 	0
rich and sudden 	1
most consumers of lo mein and general tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 	1
of love and companionship 	1
its accumulated enjoyment 	1
lifetime milestones 	1
of pleasure or sensuality 	1
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director 	0
, smoky and inviting 	1
for excitement 	1
armed with a game supporting cast 	1
often-funny 	1
fails to entertain 	0
the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . 	1
be patient with the lovely hush ! 	1
, nuanced 	1
remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective 	1
debts 	0
the endlessly repetitive scenes 	0
is better than most of the writing in the movie 	0
the film is a fierce dance of destruction . 	1
pulpy 	0
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious 	0
orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull 	0
stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king 	1
australian actor/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation . 	1
wonderfully creepy 	1
of a particularly nightmarish fairytale 	0
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and 	1
for the marquis de sade set 	0
) gorgeous 	1
is truly gorgeous 	1
the awful complications 	0
enough said , except : film overboard ! 	0
michel piccoli 's moving performance 	1
a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code 	1
in fact , even better . 	1
this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . 	1
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar 	0
to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out 	1
when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours 	0
please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies 	1
one lousy movie . 	0
, it 's just as wonderful on the big screen . 	1
little less bling-bling and a lot more romance 	0
amazingly evocative film 	1
a movie instead of an endless trailer 	0
with dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told . 	1
new york 's finest and 	1
any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions 	0
it 's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor 	0
might as well be watching a rerun 	0
's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 	0
the punch lines that miss 	0
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird . 	0
for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 	0
, i 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show . 	1
of ` laugh therapy ' 	1
cynicism every bit 	0
made to look bad 	0
well-developed characters 	1
delightful mix 	1
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it . 	1
the breezy and amateurish feel 	0
treachery 	0
worry 	0
balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem 	1
on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time 	0
berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years 	1
the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner 	1
are frequently too dark to be decipherable 	0
ensure that the film is never dull 	1
the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals . 	1
for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations 	1
's this rich and luscious 	1
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago . 	0
putters 	0
's nothing resembling a spine here 	0
failure 	0
dramatic things happen to people 	0
the hardy spirit of cuban music 	1
lumpy as two-day old porridge 	0
whiny 	0
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . 	0
is too mainstream 	0
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick 	0
secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way . 	1
been there , done 	0
's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year 	1
will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic 	0
unrewarding collar 	0
appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time 	1
smart and entirely charming 	1
forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos 	0
sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . 	0
's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless 	1
a hugely rewarding experience 	1
an uneven mix 	0
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists . 	1
can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time 	0
woefully 	0
could have been much stronger 	0
is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers . 	0
duck the very issues it raises 	0
possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	0
much stronger 	1
predisposed to like it 	1
with no obvious escape 	0
get out 	0
's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be 	1
ultimate blame 	0
good sweat 	1
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek 	0
nearly every attempt at humor 	1
your first instinct is to duck 	0
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily 	0
filled with love for the movies of the 1960s . 	1
its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 	0
tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ... 	1
strenuous 	0
make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe 	0
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort 	1
is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon 	1
pretty good 	1
not to be dismissed 	1
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm . 	1
more tiring than anything . 	0
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation 	1
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 	1
pokes , provokes , 	1
remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film 	1
authentically vague 	0
has no place to go since simone is not real 	0
the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written 	0
often intense 	1
baked cardboard 	0
poorly written 	0
overly sillified plot 	0
textbook lives 	1
after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . 	0
interesting technical 	1
is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen 	1
at its worst 	0
rotting underbelly 	0
so bleak 	0
the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations 	0
be low , very low , very very low , 	0
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives . 	1
full of the kind of obnoxious 	0
in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker 	1
rises 	1
powerful acting clinic 	1
, hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it . 	0
the characters are based on stock clichés , 	0
is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream 	0
, deeply felt 	1
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest 	1
an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic 	1
many clichés 	0
dry humor and jarring shocks 	1
pallid horror 	0
captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse . 	1
the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 	0
exciting plot 	1
's already a joke in the united states 	0
about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped 	1
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that . 	0
into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through 	0
packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack 	1
laugh-out-loud funny 	1
beginning to hate it 	0
overinflated 	0
half the fun of college football games 	1
who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek 	0
makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture 	1
a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man 	1
your toes wo n't still be tapping 	1
it 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction . 	0
-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw . 	0
it is interminable 	0
a likable story , told with competence 	1
a marvelous performance 	1
surprisingly affecting 	1
displacement 	0
ample 	1
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications 	1
air conditioning and popcorn 	1
guarantee that no wise men will be following after it 	0
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 	1
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through . 	0
bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys . 	1
about openness , particularly the 	1
its storytelling prowess and 	1
, you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . 	0
the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often 	1
are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie 	1
( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . 	0
over-familiarity 	0
too fancy , not too filling 	0
the cinematography is atrocious 	0
grab your kids and run 	0
an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war 	1
he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today 	1
for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary 	0
the banality and hypocrisy 	0
for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view 	1
irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free . 	0
its success on a patient viewer 	1
good films 	1
insultingly simplistic 	0
with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . 	1
the story 's pathetic and 	0
meaty 	1
convincing case 	1
showtime 's uninspired send-up 	0
beautifully produced film 	1
as much as i laughed throughout the movie 	1
a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't 	0
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch . 	1
fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 	0
pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 	0
morally 	1
it did n't 	0
reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 	0
shocking in its eroticized gore 	0
that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home 	0
after being snared in its own tangled plot 	0
the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy 	0
grow impatient 	0
a breathtakingly assured and stylish work 	1
another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls 	1
truly awful and 	0
's far too sentimental 	0
weak claims 	0
succeeded 	1
well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant 	1
sleaziness 	0
is a movie full of grace 	1
proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing 	0
slyly exquisite 	1
of a happy ending 	1
, a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . 	0
extraordinary 	1
may lack the pungent bite of its title 	0
everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away 	0
common through-line 	1
firmly 	1
could n't recommend this film more . 	1
while cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem . 	1
with us is a minor miracle 	1
for silly summer entertainment 	1
what 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be . 	1
offers absolutely nothing i had n't already seen . 	0
flinging their feces at you 	0
truly come to care about the main characters 	1
lackadaisical 	0
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people 	1
embraces it , energizes it and 	1
is nicely shot 	1
is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear . 	1
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm 	1
a profoundly stupid affair 	0
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters . 	1
widescreen photography 	1
have returned from the beyond to warn you 	0
a compelling story to tell 	1
you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary 	0
maguire makes it a comic book with soul 	1
they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were . 	0
, sordid universe 	0
has some unnecessary parts and 	0
fits the bill perfectly 	1
showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 	0
adorably 	1
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal 	0
genial and decent 	1
the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . 	1
to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii 	0
a beautiful , entertaining two hours . 	1
barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks . 	0
should not be missed 	1
fascinating literary mystery story 	1
its perfect quiet pace 	1
chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study 	1
fairy-tale conclusion 	1
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but 	0
carries us effortlessly 	1
never wanted to leave . 	1
narrative arc 	1
does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity . 	1
hallelujah for small favors 	1
for the heart as well as the mind 	1
engross 	1
just never gets off the ground . 	0
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum 	1
lacking the slightest bit 	0
waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes 	0
overlong documentary about ` the lifestyle . 	0
morbid 	0
bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points . 	0
ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch 	1
to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	1
long overdue 	1
capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism 	1
wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships 	0
silliness and 	1
's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously 	1
on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	1
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant . 	1
save oleander 's uninspired story 	0
found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays 	0
winking social commentary 	1
making dog day afternoon with a cause 	1
fire a torpedo 	1
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure . 	0
to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror 	1
is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death 	1
a bit on the skinny side 	0
to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be 	0
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , 	0
happiness 	1
's best served cold 	1
this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree 	1
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet 	1
faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a 	0
yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second . 	1
attract and sustain an older crowd 	1
make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying 	1
small , human moments 	1
imaginative teacher 	1
it -- 	1
a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 	1
destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 	1
is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes . 	1
has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone 	0
to keep the film entertaining 	1
characters are both overplayed and exaggerated 	0
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down . 	0
are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze 	1
irresponsible 	0
a disservice 	0
a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness 	1
cultural and personal self-discovery and 	1
the vampires 	1
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine 	1
despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . ' 	1
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad 	0
this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 	0
glib but bouncy 	1
harrison ford low 	0
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out 	1
the plot is both contrived and cliched 	0
old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles 	0
return to never land is much more p.c. than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing 	0
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one . 	0
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done 	1
a measure of style 	1
plain crap 	0
when her material is not first-rate 	0
appealing 	1
style and empathy 	1
a pleasant distraction , 	1
pat storylines , precious circumstances 	1
a tree 	1
wide-smiling reception 	1
a good line 	1
he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited 	0
groggy 	0
the movie does n't generate a lot of energy . 	0
a decent popcorn adventure 	1
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it 	0
imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 	0
sorvino is delightful in the central role . 	1
the worst movie of 2002 	0
boisterous energy 	1
with grace and panache 	1
truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together 	1
takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and 	0
takes a fresh and absorbing look 	1
generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing . 	0
what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light 	1
venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece 	1
is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen . 	1
of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness 	0
with laughs 	1
intriguing and downright intoxicating . 	1
do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version 	0
of a good movie ye who enter here 	1
love and humility 	1
resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture 	0
deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride . 	1
no clue about making a movie 	0
gag two or three times 	0
intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening 	1
of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy 	1
that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	1
gangster/crime comedy 	1
precious little substance 	0
a noticeable lack of pace 	0
doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans 	1
perception , conviction 	1
be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation 	0
seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic 	0
i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one 	0
my own minority report is that it stinks . 	0
most politically audacious 	1
the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . ' 	0
close to real life 	1
scare any sane person away 	0
practically every facet of inept filmmaking 	0
jell into charm 	1
all add up to a satisfying crime drama . 	1
is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors 	1
sulky 	0
get your money back 	0
so freely 	1
, pretentious 	0
of the avant-garde fused with their humor 	1
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny 	1
an ironically killer soundtrack 	1
never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . 	0
fascinating film 	1
falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey . 	0
the dark places of our national psyche 	0
the dry humor 	0
that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song 	0
inside the wave 	1
who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 	1
a calm , self-assured portrait 	1
is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky . 	1
inoffensive 	0
rigor 	0
as sharp 	1
insufferably 	0
exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be 	0
of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with 	0
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull . 	0
, miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 	1
matters play out realistically if not always fairly . 	1
courageousness 	1
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow 	1
foremost cinematic poet 	1
... a rather bland affair . 	0
green ruins every single scene he 's in , 	0
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece 	1
done-to-death 	0
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but 	1
features fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity . 	1
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- 	0
taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling 	0
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula . 	1
plutonium 	1
is a distinct rarity , and an event 	1
heartfelt and achingly real 	1
based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis 	1
all the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition . 	0
an earnest try at beachcombing verismo 	1
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack 	1
should appeal to women 	1
poor dana carvey 	0
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture 	1
they need it to sell us on this twisted love story 	0
frantic , virulent and foul-natured 	0
magnificent jackie chan 	1
a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically 	1
: stallion of the cimarron is a winner . 	1
richly rewarded 	1
deadpan cool , wry humor and 	1
, it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees . 	1
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet 	0
two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected 	0
of the most repellent things 	0
perfect medium 	1
rare imax movie 	1
ultimately the story compels 	1
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film . 	0
belly laughs 	1
come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 	0
been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference 	1
there 's no real sense of suspense 	0
to mediocrity 	0
intoxicating 	1
is , in fact , so interesting 	1
together frustrating 	0
despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire . 	0
through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot 	0
do n't entirely ` get ' godard 's distinctive discourse 	0
the power of love 	1
as emotionally grand 	1
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , 	1
works on no level whatsoever for me . 	0
enormous 	1
the illogic of its characters 	0
goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection 	1
a little more humanity 	1
as clear and reliable an authority on that 	1
when it is n't incomprehensible 	0
action man cliché atop wooden dialogue 	0
into this somewhat tired premise 	0
hollow , self-indulgent 	0
thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere 	1
mesmerizing one 	1
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances . 	0
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even 	1
this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . 	0
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while 	1
( a ) thoughtful , visually graceful work . 	1
at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances 	1
a seven rip-off 	0
documentary-like credibility 	1
it 's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill 	1
of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter 	0
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say 	0
every moment crackles with tension , 	1
a classical dramatic animated feature , 	1
bowling you over 	1
... a true delight . 	1
a fair bit of vampire fun 	1
old-fashioned but emotionally stirring 	1
script error 	0
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . ' 	0
is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure 	0
of the most politically audacious films of recent decades 	1
splashed with bloody beauty as vivid 	1
lacking any real emotional impact 	0
many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 	1
it 's an ambitious film , and 	1
seeing something purer than the real thing 	1
have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 	0
masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' 	1
itself is small and shriveled 	0
of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one 	1
defies classification 	1
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard ... and the 1999 guy ritchie 	1
not counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget 	0
the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance 	0
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into . 	0
a good film 	1
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone 	1
story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material . 	0
nasty aftertaste 	0
powerful and telling 	1
torn apart 	0
melodramatic mountain 	1
human moments 	1
entertaining documentary 	1
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel 	1
like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , 	0
is always welcome . 	1
on the surface a silly comedy 	1
remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . ' 	0
classical dramatic animated feature 	1
clamoring for another ride 	1
far too much 	0
made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones 	0
a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots 	0
a very well-meaning movie , and 	1
remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift 	1
moving and weighty depiction 	1
, the film works as well as it does because of the performances . 	1
's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness . 	1
overall the halloween series has lost its edge 	0
the movie rising above similar fare 	1
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and 	0
offers a persuasive 	1
most likeable 	1
the story compels 	1
a tremendous piece of work . 	1
ca n't act 	0
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat . 	0
on its fairly ludicrous plot 	0
be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors 	0
and narrative grace 	1
is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring . 	0
'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening 	0
more fun watching a documentary 	0
sly , sophisticated and surprising 	1
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon . 	1
cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon . 	0
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening . 	0
wanderers and a bronx tale 	0
stench 	0
is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks 	0
that 's just too boring and obvious 	0
cheerfully 	1
i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close 	1
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 	0
is almost in a class with that of wilde himself 	1
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged 	0
overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective 	0
the richness 	1
a silly hack-and-slash flick 	0
has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) 	1
some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory 	0
never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 	0
should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end 	1
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and 	0
this time , the hype is quieter , and 	0
the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	0
decent draft 	1
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport . 	1
brilliantly played 	1
got it right the first time 	1
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie . 	0
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid 	1
shrieky special effects 	0
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue 	0
the modern rut 	0
are bad 	0
that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads 	0
scathingly witty 	1
bitchy 	0
so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope 	0
given up 	0
ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out 	0
pretention 	0
the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie 	1
a predictable outcome and 	0
film history 	1
taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit 	1
, uncertain film 	0
, emotionally honest 	1
mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty 	0
retread story 	0
avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up 	1
be mesmerised 	1
dumb , narratively chaotic , 	0
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow . 	1
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance . 	0
through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings 	0
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be 	1
yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe . 	0
high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie 	1
unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form 	1
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since sept. 11 ) 	0
of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse 	0
a small gem from belgium 	1
a worthwhile documentary 	1
wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence 	0
on sophisticated , discerning taste 	1
right tone 	1
... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 	0
most excruciating 	0
to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood 	1
the increasingly diverse french director 	1
boredom to the point of collapse 	0
this stuck pig 	0
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption . 	1
a humorless 	0
provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc 	1
no one can hear you snore 	0
sucks , but 	0
that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem 	1
the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . '' 	1
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery 	0
spiritless , silly and monotonous 	0
a superb performance 	1
main asset 	1
just two 	1
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances 	1
a long , unfunny one 	0
with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations 	0
far the worst movie of the year 	0
low-budget 	0
powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 	0
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling . 	0
good performances keep it from being a total rehash . 	1
spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later . 	1
's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' 	0
than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe 	1
in ( the characters ' ) misery 	0
about schmidt is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear . 	1
( seagal 's ) strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year 's razzie . 	0
shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people 	1
transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 	1
sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 	0
are both overplayed and exaggerated 	0
the rock is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal . 	1
that few movies are able to accomplish 	1
the beaten path , not necessarily for the better 	0
a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic 	1
getting there is not even half the interest . 	0
favorably 	1
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c. walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago . 	0
had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama 	0
the actors are humanly engaged 	1
of empathy 	0
leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered 	0
thought-provoking and stylish 	1
historically significant , 	1
as subtle and touching as the son 's room 	1
put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 	1
into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide 	1
lacks the spirit of the previous two , 	0
are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front 	1
ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	0
` synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree . 	0
a bloated plot 	0
classic theater piece 	1
my only complaint 	0
to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	0
you can do no wrong with jason x. 	1
's still entertaining to watch the target practice . 	1
a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation 	1
for only 71 minutes 	1
an elegant visual sense and a talent 	1
, consistently funny . 	1
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or 	0
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings 	0
to be a breath of fresh air 	1
tries too hard 	0
is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere . 	0
fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) 	0
everybody loves a david and goliath story 	1
a lame romantic comedy 	0
the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché . 	0
the writing is indifferent 	0
will probably like it . 	1
of his top-notch creative team 	1
when it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama 	0
needlessly poor quality 	0
an enthralling , entertaining feature 	1
with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set 	0
lines , the impressive stagings of hardware 	1
bewilderingly brilliant 	1
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright . 	0
summery 	1
carefully choreographed 	1
- as-nasty - 	0
would be better as a diary or documentary 	0
a true adaptation of her book 	1
the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope 	1
are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry 	1
cinematic deception 	0
delightful hand shadows 	1
about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics 	1
making the right choice 	1
be the performances of their careers 	1
with energy and innovation 	1
a hard-to-swallow premise 	0
of the wondrous beats 	1
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , 	0
made but uninvolving 	0
life 	1
the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking 	1
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but 	1
that both thrills the eye 	1
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 	0
the acting is n't much better . 	0
it is n't particularly funny 	0
are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters . 	0
'' comes from the heart 	1
absorbing movie 	1
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release 	1
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and 	1
dystopian 	1
... a bland , pretentious mess . 	0
the jokes are sophomoric , 	0
well-timed explosion 	1
creepy turn 	0
though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle 	1
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 	0
it 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring . 	1
with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel 	0
great actors hamming it up 	1
delightful cast 	1
false , sitcom-worthy solutions 	0
mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself 	0
is too upbeat 	0
modest masterpiece . 	1
not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again . 	1
a stylistic 	1
that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type 	1
his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 	1
brings us right into the center of that world 	1
titular 	1
the more common saccharine genre 	0
characteristic style 	1
a stunningly unoriginal premise 	0
long-on-the-shelf 	0
revigorates 	1
nuanced performance 	1
a major waste ... 	0
a sports extravaganza 	1
any scorsese has ever given us 	1
the only pain 	0
, and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script 	0
rather slow beginning 	0
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man . 	1
document 	1
lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 	0
this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 	1
is terrific 	1
distressing 	0
a sub-formulaic slap 	0
the tears come during that final , beautiful scene 	1
itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation . 	1
ear-splitting 	0
vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of . 	1
better entertainment 	1
storytelling feels slight . 	0
guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 	1
is funny and pithy , 	1
then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years . 	1
lingering death 	0
did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery 	0
russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features . 	0
is a hoot , 	1
into a sane and breathtakingly creative film 	1
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy 	1
` laugh therapy ' 	1
passing twinkle 	0
good surprise ending 	1
popcorn movie fun 	1
some movie star charisma 	1
that leaves you wanting more 	1
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; 	1
, funnier . 	1
for anyone 	1
than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes 	1
its worthy predecessors 	1
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof . 	1
a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild 	1
as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots 	0
something to be ` fully experienced ' 	1
remarkable 	1
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , 	0
insightful about kissinger 's background and history 	1
-- definitely a step in the right direction 	1
charming but slight comedy 	1
to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop 	1
tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents 	0
gave me no reason to care 	0
quietly hopeful 	1
muy loco , but no more ridiculous 	0
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor 	1
a nice , light treat 	1
inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	0
perfect teaming 	1
more of the same old garbage 	0
slow , 	0
lacks the spirit of the previous two 	0
fine performance 	1
that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time 	0
for kids or their parents , for that matter 	0
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire . 	1
if there 's no art here 	0
, surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait . 	1
who cares ? 	0
painstaking 	1
, amusing and unpredictable 	1
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out . 	1
bloodsucker computer effects 	1
the film is a hilarious adventure and 	1
is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold 	0
the way a good noir should 	1
creates something more beautiful than either of those films 	1
is amazing 	1
your typical junkie opera 	0
summer audience 	1
there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations 	0
the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence . 	1
emotional power 	1
this turd 	0
profound characterizations 	1
anemic , pretentious . 	0
's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey 	0
's just merely very bad . 	0
raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before 	1
often strains 	0
a lunar mission with no signs of life 	0
of badness 	0
predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters 	0
tackles more than she can handle 	0
` blue crush ' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . 	1
pulls off enough 	1
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement 	1
give a spark 	1
transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange 	1
is an enjoyable big movie primarily 	1
we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . 	0
sketches 	1
is essentially an extended soap opera 	0
true pleasure . 	1
's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary 	0
once called ` the gift of tears 	1
are good 	1
complexities 	0
by a failure 	0
fumbled 	0
washed away 	0
a nearly 21/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent . 	0
black-and-white psychedelia 	1
depressingly 	0
efficient , 	1
to learn , to grow 	1
feel the screenwriter at every moment 	1
with its love of life and beauty 	1
, red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . 	1
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , 	0
solid , psychological action film 	1
as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 	0
the year 's most enjoyable releases 	1
, the more details slip out between his fingers . 	0
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably 	1
exploitative 	0
hard-won rewards 	1
a smart , compelling drama 	1
conceited 	0
it does elect to head off in its own direction 	1
a powerful young actor 	1
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery 	1
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing 	0
is a superior horror flick . 	1
bad sitcom 	0
fails 	0
worst 	0
a knockout of a closing line 	1
you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 	0
the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries . 	0
the mind to enter and accept another world 	1
essentially ruined -- or , 	0
detective story 	1
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating 	0
a sentimental hybrid 	1
astonishingly 	1
screwball ideas 	0
her small , intelligent eyes 	1
rife with miscalculations 	0
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions 	0
pleasant enough dish 	1
a convolution 	0
feels derivative 	0
it treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . 	1
loud , low-budget and tired 	0
brings documentary-like credibility 	1
comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . 	0
listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again 	1
koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 	0
's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second . 	1
rich , bittersweet israeli documentary 	1
is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count . 	0
adds substantial depth 	1
have been called ` under siege 3 	0
effort and 	1
boorish movie 	0
is funny and 	1
irritates and saddens me 	0
his penchant for tearing up on cue -- 	1
is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many . 	1
, much ado about something is an amicable endeavor . 	1
of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy 	0
wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful 	1
pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love 	1
also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american 	1
drag along 	0
pot 	1
a bitter pill 	0
film buffs 	1
del 	1
you know it 's going to be a trip 	1
with few moments of joy rising above the stale material 	0
sex gags and prom dates 	0
profane and exploitative as the most offensive action 	0
impressionistic 	1
a confusing melange 	0
the film 's crisp , unaffected style 	1
funny film 	1
open 	1
a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable 	1
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker . 	0
low-key romantic comedy 	1
manically generous 	1
strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults . 	1
is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time 	0
its art and heart 	1
playstation cocktail 	0
elegant and sly 	1
much of the movie 's charm 	1
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- 	1
crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and 	0
uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful 	1
, then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 	1
sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions 	0
is easily as bad at a fraction the budget 	0
dry 	0
family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year 	1
are simply intoxicating 	1
that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy . 	0
ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 	1
doofus 	0
a pretty funny movie , 	1
flat dialogue 	0
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati . 	1
good actors , good poetry 	1
what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 	0
a more graceful way 	1
does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie . 	0
despite iwai 's vaunted empathy 	0
fast , funny , and even touching 	1
a lobotomy 	0
utter mush ... conceited pap 	0
about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	1
riveting profile 	1
on tediously about their lives , loves and the art 	0
appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting 	1
the uninspired scripts , acting and direction 	0
surprising in how much they engage and even touch us 	1
the widowmaker is a great yarn . 	1
unrealized 	0
low-rent -- 	0
caricature 	0
a great way to spend 4 units of your day 	1
desperate 	0
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope 	1
can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards 	1
brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him . 	1
spielberg flair 	1
felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them 	1
our imagination 	1
is impenetrable and dull 	0
simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	0
-- and at times , all 	1
canny and 	1
viva le resistance ! 	1
in love with a girl 	1
the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story . 	1
satire and childhood awakening 	1
by men of marginal intelligence 	0
brief pretentious period 	0
auspicious feature debut 	1
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time 	1
charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election 	1
know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 	0
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : 	1
for both the scenic splendor of the mountains 	1
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing . 	1
effective 	1
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor 	0
incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud 	0
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive . 	0
is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original . 	1
vulgar and forgettably 	0
this film 's impressive performances 	1
keep you wide awake and ... 	1
excruciating film 	0
most magical and most fun family fare 	1
such a dependable concept 	1
mind-numbingly awful 	0
a remote shelf 	1
, first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting . 	1
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther 	0
collective heart attack 	0
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture . 	1
drama 	0
cheesier 	0
the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull 	0
the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it . 	1
somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 	1
so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be 	1
the misery of these people 	0
mid-to-low budget 	0
suited neither to kids or adults 	0
wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie 	0
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry 	1
funnier than anything 	1
such fury 	1
on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel 	0
powerful and revelatory 	1
crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 	1
an energetic , extreme-sports adventure 	1
oddly fascinating 	1
at its best 	1
`` white oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material . 	0
will find little new here 	0
form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people 	1
fanciful , 	1
one-trick pony 	0
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny 	0
predictably melodramatic . 	0
soulful and 	1
serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , 	1
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set . 	0
when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares 	0
a solid , psychological action film 	1
, is painterly . 	0
seems to enjoy its own transparency 	1
formula family tearjerker 	1
's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale 	0
, thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . 	1
time and art 	1
the sheer joy and pride 	1
beautifully directed and convincingly acted . 	1
's already done way too often 	0
mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty 	1
` alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures . 	1
is off-putting , 	0
situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets . 	0
ideal casting 	1
silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theater for some time 	1
forgot 	1
dismiss -- 	0
a fine-looking film 	1
turns out to be affected and boring 	0
fluke 	0
alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head . 	0
, but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining 	1
perfunctory conclusion 	0
is perfectly creepy and believable 	1
with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart 	1
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace 	1
reverie 	1
proved too difficult 	0
it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , 	0
've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement 	0
sad to say 	0
is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 	1
takes its techniques into such fresh territory 	1
plot and paper-thin supporting characters 	0
post-war art world 	1
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring . 	0
that embraces its old-fashioned themes and 	1
a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing 	0
insultingly unbelievable 	0
a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking 	1
a bit of a cheat in the end 	0
seem goofy 	0
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... 	1
rusi vulakoro 	1
do n't even bother to rent this on video . 	0
half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy 	0
a miraculous movie , i 'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion . 	1
troubling 	0
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react . 	1
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone . 	1
maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it . 	1
( a ) satisfying niblet . 	1
characteristically startling visual style and 	1
` ace ventura ' rip-off 	0
you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week . 	1
of obligatory cheap 	0
so pertinent and enduring 	1
is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide 	1
's incredible the number of stories 	1
lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features 	0
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , 	1
co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision 	1
remove spider-man the movie 	0
cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy 	0
which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain 	1
the film works 	1
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed . 	1
intriguing movie experiences 	1
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life 	1
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as 	1
from disappointing 	0
but enjoyable documentary . 	1
is a remarkably original work . 	1
while failing to find a spark of its own 	0
bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . 	0
refined 	1
, is a treat . 	1
is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout 	1
off as annoying rather than charming 	0
more self-absorbed women than the mother and 	0
fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) . 	0
yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . 	0
fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels 	0
is n't much fun without the highs and lows 	0
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears 	1
was n't enough 	0
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . 	0
's pretty linear and only makeup-deep 	0
be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already 	0
, a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 	0
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies 	1
turn bill paxton into an a-list director 	1
the best date movie 	1
disgusting . 	0
derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded 	0
is the superficial way it deals with its story 	0
impeccable comic timing , 	1
sadly -- 	0
then you 're at the right film . 	1
its visual delights 	1
ayatollah 	1
at a failure of our justice system 	0
killer website movie 	1
of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly 	1
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here 	1
disaster flick 	0
is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot 	0
solid , spooky entertainment 	1
piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art 	1
very shapable but largely unfulfilling 	0
it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 	1
a gloriously goofy way 	1
every aggrieved father cliché 	0
filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car . 	0
wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love 	0
the film ) works 	1
marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	1
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic 	0
, it 's too long and unfocused . 	0
own placid way 	0
has become one of our best actors 	1
the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective 	1
a man in pain 	0
, cliched and clunky 	0
the light-footed enchantment the material needs 	1
compliment 	1
go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale 	1
( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material 	0
immaturity 	0
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy 	0
the problems 	0
is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music 	1
privileged moments and memorable performances 	1
shows little understanding 	1
begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue 	0
of pure movie 	1
is brilliant , 	1
beyond its limit to sustain a laugh 	0
never worry about anyone being bored 	1
a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin 	1
fairly trite 	0
orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry 	0
it 's fun , but it 's a real howler 	1
ignorant 	0
is a big letdown 	0
recycled more times than i 'd care to count 	0
offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 	1
is about as interesting 	0
nearly terminal case 	0
overlong documentary 	0
a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem . 	1
little doubt 	1
about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season 	0
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and 	1
's nowhere near as good as the original . 	0
so-five-minutes-ago pop music 	0
unambitious writing 	0
, whatever your orientation . 	1
of comedic bliss 	1
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption 	1
come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace 	1
impressive hybrid . 	1
lovely 	1
... spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) 	1
hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape 	0
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but 	1
you laugh once ( maybe twice ) 	0
maggots crawling on a dead dog 	0
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix 	0
the artistry of making a film 	1
cho 's timing is priceless . 	1
much interest 	1
more bluster 	0
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . 	1
generous and subversive artworks 	1
a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours 	0
almost as much as they love themselves 	0
there 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title . 	0
succeeds mainly 	1
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection 	0
it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 	1
than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates 	0
it 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence . 	0
the astute direction of cardoso 	1
sentimentality and annoying 	0
winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 	1
go around , with music and laughter 	1
crisp clarity 	1
your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california 	0
it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy 	0
the direction of spielberg 	1
fascinating , bombshell documentary 	1
does best 	1
can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed . 	0
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired . 	0
the result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis . 	0
delightfully charming -- and totally american 	1
amnesiac 	0
treads heavily 	0
a superficial way 	1
dumb humor 	0
journalistically dubious , 	0
better after foster 	1
childlike dimness and 	0
a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 	1
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards . 	1
the familiar topic of office politics 	1
's all surface psychodramatics 	0
not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick 	1
because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies 	0
is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . 	0
's not particularly well made 	0
directing with a sure and measured hand , ( haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 	1
beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing 	1
since freddy got fingered 	0
shallow , noisy and pretentious . 	0
the viewer 's patience 	0
rich promise 	1
anarchist maxim 	0
is long on 	1
two fine actors , morgan freeman and 	1
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material . 	1
the leads are natural and lovely 	1
hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters 	0
once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting 	0
that this should seal the deal 	1
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery 	0
is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining . 	0
an unbalanced mixture 	0
, the movie completely transfixes the audience . 	1
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break 	0
on top of a foundering performance 	0
wasting 	0
by the incredibly flexible cast 	1
it is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style . 	0
fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters 	0
make a nice coffee table book 	1
ends so horrendously confusing 	0
golden book 	1
so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true 	0
simple-minded and 	0
alert , if not 	1
is sordid and disgusting 	0
the incessant use 	0
the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends 	0
it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them . 	0
nothing about them is attractive . 	0
the performers are so spot on 	1
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists . 	0
a film less 	0
a lovely film for the holiday season 	1
the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history . 	1
urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 	0
a head-turner -- thoughtfully written 	1
the comedy equivalent 	1
through with originality , humor and pathos 	1
of this unique director 's previous films 	1
some outrageously creative action 	1
a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly 	0
pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons 	1
combined with stunning animation 	1
cranky 	0
become one of our best actors 	1
( carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark . 	0
every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 	1
the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen 	1
unfortunately , kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare . 	0
hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation . 	1
a nicely understated expression of the grief 	1
the relationship between reluctant 	1
is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 	0
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing 	1
always entertaining , and smartly written 	1
an adoring , wide-smiling reception 	1
is authentic 	1
i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris . 	0
is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes . 	1
enough to sit through crap like this 	0
a little scattered 	0
ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles 	0
made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances 	1
it 's a ripper of a yarn 	1
the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission . 	1
in-depth portrait 	1
entertaining and suggestive 	1
the demons of his own fear and paranoia 	0
at the very least 	0
intermittently powerful study 	1
you 'll enjoy the hot chick . 	1
racist portraits 	0
creating an intriguing species of artifice 	1
by the sea would slip under the waves . 	0
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' 	1
has really done his subject justice . 	1
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout 	0
misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 	0
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . 	1
to a t. 	1
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds . 	0
male hip hop fantasy 	1
becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence 	0
bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults 	1
a great yarn 	1
rooted 	1
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' 	1
's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction 	0
sweetness and vulnerability 	1
the muckraking , soul-searching spirit 	1
, it 's badder than bad . 	0
offers a trenchant critique of capitalism 	1
well-paced and ultimately 	1
stellar performance 	1
best disney movie 	1
flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism 	1
cardboard characters and performers 	0
will have fun with 	1
this crude , this fast-paced and this insane 	0
will eat up like so much gelati 	1
especially give credit to affleck . 	1
the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 	0
been this disappointed by a movie in a long time 	0
inevitable and 	0
the cleverest , 	1
an interesting bit of speculation 	1
feel better already . 	1
its leaden acting 	0
teen-sleaze equivalent 	0
from being a complete waste of time 	0
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . '' 	0
as the direction is intelligently accomplished 	1
but no . . 	0
's a pretty woman 	1
's low on both suspense and payoff 	0
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , 	1
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat 	1
fumbles away 	0
, overlong soap 	0
a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor 	1
miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . 	1
to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros 	1
seems as deflated as he does 	0
dumb gags 	0
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged 	0
several strong performances 	1
harmless 	1
a lot of problems 	0
congrats disney 	1
the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 	1
is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story 	0
, it 's kinda dumb . 	0
reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things 	1
in a slap-happy mood 	1
a sly female empowerment movie 	1
half the excitement of balto 	0
updating white 's dry wit to a new age 	1
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his . 	0
dismiss 	0
rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes 	0
take the warning literally 	0
a thriller 	1
particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy 	1
energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested . 	1
from 	0
on no level whatsoever for me 	0
consistently funny 	1
equally engrossing 	1
looks and feels tired 	0
a reasonable degree of suspense 	1
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film 	0
a brief amount 	1
a heaven 	1
to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption 	1
is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless 	0
quiet , introspective and entertaining 	1
a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds 	1
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , 	0
opening up 	1
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings . 	1
is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned 	0
to stop watching 	0
softheaded metaphysical claptrap 	0
who paid to see it 	0
less than fresh 	0
a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light 	1
you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for 	1
rarely , a movie is more than a movie . 	1
we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold 	0
to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original 	1
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 	1
offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor . 	0
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people 	0
a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili . 	1
an overly sillified plot and 	0
becomes long and tedious 	0
are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . 	0
intermittently wise 	1
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , 	0
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale 	1
is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller . 	1
is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 	1
a hilarious ode to middle america 	1
the funniest jokes of any movie 	1
derailed 	0
the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources . 	0
animation work 	1
i found it weirdly appealing 	1
do justice 	1
is extremely funny 	1
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic 	0
that is fully formed and remarkably assured 	1
, you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be . 	0
peels layers 	1
nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego 	1
bloody 	0
are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely 	0
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short . 	0
in tired stereotypes 	0
so perfect for a ballplayer 	1
wise 	1
when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails 	0
imaginary 	1
this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players 	1
flawed humanity 	1
ame and unnecessary . 	0
watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet 	1
is n't just 	0
the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped 	1
a great writer 	1
messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd 	0
though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 	0
the chaotic horror 	0
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep . 	0
full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s 	1
record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse 	0
by humanity 's greatest shame 	0
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp . 	0
incredibly flexible cast 	1
is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade . 	1
tanks . 	0
corrupt 	0
romething 's really wrong with this ricture ! 	0
really strong second effort 	1
you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness 	0
of french cinema 's master craftsmen 	1
i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed 	0
grinds itself 	0
all the way to the credits 	1
a winning comedy with its wry observations 	1
the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time 	0
awarded mythic status 	1
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic . 	1
, very good 	1
fun with it all 	1
, thoughtful , unapologetically raw 	1
this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable 	1
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice . 	1
has performed a difficult task indeed 	1
consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay . 	0
repetitious 	0
a freedom 	1
as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller 	1
with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at 	0
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , 	1
powerful and reasonably fulfilling 	1
is driven by appealing leads 	1
a halfwit plot 	0
all too familiar ... 	0
in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue 	0
a mess from start to finish 	0
a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama 	0
hide a weak script 	0
, dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell . 	1
abject 	0
the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling 	0
decisive 	1
adobo 	1
they grow up and you can wait till then 	0
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen 	0
the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 	1
approach to the workplace romantic comedy . 	1
settle for 	0
are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ... 	1
profits 	1
sits there like a side dish no one ordered . 	0
breathe out of every frame 	1
as a remake , it 's a pale imitation . 	0
expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy 	1
has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should 	1
notable 	1
breezy movie 	1
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie . 	0
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content 	0
terrifically entertaining 	1
charms are immediately apparent 	1
a coming-of-age movie that hollywood would n't have the guts to make . 	1
robust 	1
because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas 	1
looks genuinely pretty 	1
elegantly appointed 	1
's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety 	1
fascinating they may be as history 	1
winning and wildly fascinating work 	1
's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts . 	1
a long patch of black ice 	0
odd and weird 	0
this oscar-nominated documentary 	1
too burdened by the actor 	0
give the movie points for 	1
that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome 	0
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . 	0
of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 	1
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer 	1
bloated 	0
its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care 	0
intelligent and 	1
an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- 	1
to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment 	0
turn on many people to opera 	1
ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . 	1
substandard 	0
the characters are so generic and 	0
director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , 	1
eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 	0
a tremendous , offbeat sense 	1
with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field 	1
the first fatal attraction was vile enough . 	0
to be dismissed 	0
ridiculous action sequences 	0
in a bad-movie way 	0
written by somebody else 	0
loses its overall sense of mystery 	0
mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 	1
of the better video-game-based flicks , 	1
real shame 	0
often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness 	1
its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through 	0
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , 	0
low-brow 	0
is phenomenal , especially the women . 	1
whimsical humor 	1
that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare 	1
positive change 	1
obsessive 	0
hilariously raunchy as south park 	1
lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing 	0
new energy 	1
is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid 	0
would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . 	0
has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots 	0
, kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust . 	0
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end 	1
oftentimes funny , 	1
i do n't know what she 's doing in here 	0
great fun 	1
the qualities that made the first film so special 	1
that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 	0
do a load of good 	1
drumline is its energy 	1
is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year . 	1
well-paced 	1
he has something significant to say 	1
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography 	1
horribly depressing and 	0
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay . 	0
a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence 	1
, steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 	1
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional . 	0
laugther 	1
be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows 	0
, this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . 	1
is n't as funny as you 'd hoped . 	0
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner . 	1
bitter and less mature 	0
it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies 	0
suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance 	1
the occasional belly laugh 	1
shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters 	1
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune 	0
while certainly clever in spots 	1
to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks 	1
gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years 	1
evocative 	1
i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie . 	1
where nothing really happens 	0
worthy of our respect 	1
successfully 	1
has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon 	0
advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 	0
between these two marginal characters 	0
they so heartwarmingly motivate 	1
carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 	0
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china 	1
rising star jake gyllenhaal 	1
that suffers because of its many excesses 	0
griffiths ' warm and winning central performance 	1
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does 	0
a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot 	0
a truly larger-than-life character 	1
action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest 	1
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and 	1
seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , 	1
here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior . 	0
as pure composition and form -- 	1
family 	1
formulaic to the 51st power , more like . 	0
intelligent jazz-playing exterminator 	1
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries 	1
old 	0
for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 	0
satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor 	0
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller 	1
suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 	0
clarity 	1
turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic 	1
frightening and compelling 	1
the first mistake 	0
her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation 	1
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab . 	0
naughty children 's 	0
sophisticated film 	1
offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future 	1
warm , inviting , and surprising 	1
the film 's plot may be shallow , 	0
vowing , ` this is going to be something really good 	1
with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images 	1
out-of-kilter 	0
grotesquely 	0
mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance 	0
are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk . 	1
rubber-face routine 	0
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... 	1
is n't a new idea 	0
bad stage dialogue 	0
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings 	0
picture-perfect 	1
precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family . 	1
duds 	0
wonderfully sprawling soap opera 	1
foul substances 	0
fairly unsettling scenes 	0
of character-driven storytelling 	1
beautiful film 	1
darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping 	1
cheapening 	0
of its marks 	1
gets sillier , not scarier , 	0
examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor . 	1
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag . 	0
uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory 	0
would be a total washout 	0
foreign culture only 	0
impressive images 	1
stock plot 	0
more irresistibly than in ` baran 	1
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie 	0
, tasteless and idiotic 	0
the talented cast generally 	1
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles . 	1
, ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . 	0
to shine 	1
a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor 	1
you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer 	0
live together 	1
somewhat less than it might have been 	0
crowd pleaser 	1
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention . 	0
control-alt-delete 	0
of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant 	0
storytellers 	1
be spectacularly outrageous 	1
's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ? 	1
never finds its tone and several scenes run too long . 	0
are served with a hack script 	0
appeals to me 	1
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid 	0
dogs 	1
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god 	1
a young boy 	1
moving and vibrant 	1
after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series 	0
fails on so many levels 	0
which become strangely impersonal and abstract 	0
disturbance or detached pleasure 	0
druggy and self-indulgent , 	0
gorgeous pair 	1
is oscar-worthy . 	1
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... 	1
lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 	0
of misogyny and unprovoked violence 	0
, ugly and destructive little **** 	0
perfect black pearls 	1
is n't 	0
a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe 	1
want to check it out 	1
in search of a better movie experience 	0
unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn 	1
takes great pleasure 	1
work in concert 	1
burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen 	1
enough freshness 	1
rude and profane 	0
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . 	1
sanitised and 	0
levity 	1
should dispel it 	0
at least three dull plots 	0
filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots 	0
more predictable than their consequences 	0
's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime 	0
be found a tough beauty 	1
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere 	0
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . 	0
far more entertaining 	1
before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	1
bland to be interesting 	0
certainly was n't feeling any of it 	0
if `` lilo & stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years . 	1
familiar you might as well be watching a rerun 	0
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence 	1
rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout . 	1
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , 	1
scratch for a lesson in scratching 	0
like it was worth your seven bucks 	1
is pretty much the same all over 	0
the delicious 	1
mike shoots and scores 	1
the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 	0
very minds 	1
non-techies can enjoy 	1
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze 	1
kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . 	1
in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty 	1
should win the band a few new converts , too 	1
deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer . 	1
no-holds-barred cinematic 	1
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain . 	1
that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love 	1
the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough 	1
humor and heart and very talented young actors 	1
its compelling mix 	1
an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 	1
that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow 	0
in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way 	1
a pleasant enough dish 	1
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky . 	0
of one unstable man 	1
we delight in the images 	1
another gross-out college comedy -- ugh 	0
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** . 	0
superficially written characters ramble 	0
hit on a 15-year old 	0
the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged 	0
's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek 	0
a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	0
will have an intermittently good time 	1
in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers 	1
is n't much there here . 	0
an impressive roster of stars and direction 	1
the most beautiful , evocative works 	1
smugly 	0
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut . 	1
well-directed and 	1
a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism 	1
possible argentine american beauty reeks 	0
grandkids 	1
the results are tired 	0
bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids 	0
good things to offer 	1
an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication 	1
by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout 	0
most deceptively amusing comedies 	1
enjoyable 100 	1
ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up 	1
no earthly reason 	0
enough to become comparatively sane and healthy 	1
, i 'll buy the soundtrack . 	1
the artsy and often pointless visuals 	0
had a lot of problems with this movie 	0
a real story 	1
the most offensive action 	0
the emperor 's club any time 	1
humankind 's liberating ability 	1
high-spirited 	1
there are for children and dog lovers 	1
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre . 	0
fails as a dystopian movie , 	0
respect 	1
` anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . ' 	1
there is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 	1
has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome 	0
like a non-stop cry for attention 	0
uses very little dialogue 	0
fluid , no-nonsense authority 	1
'll buy the soundtrack . 	1
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times 	1
that it was intended to be a different kind of film 	1
of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 	1
the plot makes no sense 	0
there 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery 	0
overwhelmingly positive portrayal 	1
the pathology it pretends to investigate 	0
like the excruciating end of days 	0
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way 	1
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . 	1
a wonderfully speculative character 	1
leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject 	0
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller . 	0
think it 's in danger of going wrong 	0
kids-and-family-oriented 	1
a distinct rarity , and an event 	1
members of the cultural elite 	0
a love affair 	1
pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity 	1
desire to enjoy good trash every now and then 	1
diesel is n't the actor to save it . 	0
's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing . 	1
what 's missing in murder by numbers 	0
for all audiences 	1
you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . 	1
it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	0
of effecting change and inspiring hope 	1
with motionless characters 	0
complex and quirky , but 	1
comfort and familiarity 	1
superior cast 	1
is tuned in to its community . 	1
talking a talk that appeals to me 	1
being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke . 	0
people who are enthusiastic about something and then 	1
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides . 	1
this 90-minute dud 	0
is n't worth sitting through 	0
passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment 	1
like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown 	1
of the most entertaining bonds in years 	1
puts enough salt 	1
the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick 	0
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; 	1
that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar 	0
get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell 	0
as well-written as sexy beast 	1
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party . 	0
from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood 	1
's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness . 	1
a lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone 	1
'll love this movie . 	1
tear your eyes 	1
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm 's performance 	0
enough cool fun 	1
as sharp or as fresh 	1
a large dose of painkillers 	0
of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence 	1
can render it anything but laughable . 	0
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd . 	0
a crisp psychological drama ( and ) a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode . 	1
distracted by the movie 's quick movements 	0
worthy of her considerable talents 	1
we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low . 	0
morality , family , and social expectation 	1
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation 	1
as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 	1
what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera 	1
a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore 	0
in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack 	1
is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine . 	0
, then the film is a pleasant enough dish . 	1
the theme with added depth and resonance 	1
, skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 	1
, haphazard theatrical release 	0
degenerates into hogwash 	0
rotten in the state of california 	0
full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 	0
without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves 	0
embarrassed to be part of 	0
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films . 	1
makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest 	1
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , 	0
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it . 	0
style-free 	0
screen with considerable appeal 	1
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged . 	1
inert sci-fi action thriller . 	0
the joyous , turbulent self-discovery 	1
you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice . 	1
because australia is a weirdly beautiful place 	1
fearless 	1
that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' 	0
cho 's previous concert comedy film 	1
won my heart 	1
laugh at how bad 	0
the best since the last waltz 	1
like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . 	0
sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group . 	1
our eyes 	1
ca n't recommend it 	0
is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september . 	0
place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence 	0
afterlife 	1
rising 	1
find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for 	1
this movie is to be cherished . 	1
emerges a radiant character portrait . 	1
... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 	0
dogme 	1
good-time shenanigans 	1
not enough fizz 	0
with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes . 	1
( `` laissez-passer '' ) 	0
is ingenious fun 	1
a solid formula for successful animated movies 	1
, the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it . 	1
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction 	0
) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot 	0
malaise 	0
energized 	1
wonderous 	1
if you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse . 	1
seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary . 	0
finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice . 	1
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . 	0
structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic 	1
holiday box office pie 	1
the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material 	1
come up with an original idea for a teen movie 	0
look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic . 	1
for its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 	0
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing 	0
that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 	0
does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong 	0
is so self-pitying 	0
a mesmerizing cinematic poem 	1
godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things 	0
of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films 	0
the bad guys 	0
disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision 	0
a rip-off twice removed 	0
creates sheerly cinematic appeal 	1
the last metro ) 	1
ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors 	0
from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also 	1
the dialogue is cumbersome , 	0
embarrassment and 	0
marveled 	1
full 	1
bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs 	0
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining . 	0
in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers 	1
pity 	0
the worst film 	0
captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes . 	1
to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	0
its brilliant touches 	1
have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit 	1
the look and the period trappings right 	1
's really just another major league 	0
handed down 	0
hollywood horror 	0
it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven 	1
duvall is strong as always . 	1
she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , 	1
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , 	1
a bit too eager to please . 	0
a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship 	1
one word that best describes this film : honest 	1
ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 	0
molested 	0
stands a good chance of being the big 	1
at such a furiously funny pace 	1
target practice 	1
popcorn thriller 	1
astoundingly rich film 	1
are certainly 	1
is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action . 	0
what ( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned . 	1
loosely-connected string 	0
tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images 	1
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve 	1
imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen 	1
with an elegance and maturity 	1
's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror 	1
movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics 	0
presented with universal appeal 	1
mr. nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity . 	1
shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull 	0
ruthless in its own placid way 	0
robin williams , death to smoochy 	1
it is japanese and yet feels universal 	1
safe conduct is anything but languorous . 	1
expressive 	1
become strangely impersonal and abstract 	0
rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces 	0
should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows 	0
shining with all the usual spielberg flair 	1
has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	1
that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past 	1
of jason x 	0
what it is -- a nice , harmless date film 	1
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but 	1
the experience worthwhile 	1
that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken 	1
like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic 	1
shows the promise of digital filmmaking 	1
amazing 	1
to remarkable performances 	1
is remarkably dull with only caine 	0
romp that 's always fun to watch . 	1
so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 	1
time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness . 	1
makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering . 	1
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness . 	0
in its yearning for the days 	0
allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours 	0
the characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter . 	0
would reach for a barf bag 	0
a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film 	1
gives gifts to grownups 	1
as sexy beast 	1
a good and ambitious film 	1
dumb drug jokes and 	0
pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens 	0
value and respect 	1
do n't notice the 129-minute running time 	1
has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation 	1
through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams 	0
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring . 	0
as shameful 	0
tenderness 	1
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck 	0
the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes 	1
is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings . 	1
seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them 	0
of fun 	1
sluggish , tonally uneven . 	0
can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain 	0
sumptuous ocean visuals and 	1
drag the movie 	0
a smart , romantic drama 	1
the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego 	0
may fall fast asleep . 	0
just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie 	0
lousy one 	0
pedro 	1
the whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels . 	0
davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships 	1
that 's good 	1
as bad a film 	0
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh 	1
, it 's a bargain-basement european pickup . 	0
feel cheated 	0
he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . 	1
fidel castro 	0
a light-hearted way the romantic problems 	1
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley 	1
have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc 	0
slap her - she 's not funny ! 	0
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep 	0
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes . 	1
unbelievable 	1
failing to find a spark of its own 	0
delivers more goodies than lumps of coal . 	1
is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure 	0
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic 	0
obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 	0
well-told 	1
few things more frustrating to a film buff 	0
is impressive . 	1
filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 	1
waters it down 	0
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one . 	1
world war ii 	1
cliched and contrived 	0
so that the human story is pushed to one side 	0
's black hawk down with more heart . 	1
children 's ' song 	1
give a pretty good overall picture of the situation 	1
are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces 	1
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be 	1
earnest emotional core 	1
over-indulgent 	0
, his most personal work yet . 	1
unlimited access to families and church meetings 	1
do better elsewhere 	0
refused 	1
is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 	0
great american adventure 	1
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel . 	0
terrorist attacks 	0
falls flat as a spoof . 	0
from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups 	1
, this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen . 	1
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and 	0
an unexpectedly sweet story of 	1
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita '' 	0
amicable 	1
strangely liberating 	1
traditional 	1
of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum 	1
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . 	0
the energy humming 	1
in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars 	0
bluff 	0
is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . 	1
surprisingly engrossing 	1
to sustain a laugh 	1
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre . 	1
very well-written and 	1
as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped 	0
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers . 	0
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . 	1
happily 	1
australia is a weirdly beautiful place 	1
the ingenious construction 	1
overwhelming 	0
enough charming moments 	1
a deficit of flim-flam 	0
joke 	0
it will warm your heart , 	1
in charm 	1
discovery and humor 	1
to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable 	1
baffled the folks in the marketing department 	0
particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents 	1
are especially fine 	1
pervasive 	1
the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel 	0
idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise 	1
cast in impossibly contrived situations 	0
the familiar , funny surface 	1
fascinate 	1
who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior 	0
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them 	0
, the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . 	1
possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 	1
a fullness that does not negate the subject 	1
a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre 	1
with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies 	1
a gamble and last orders are to be embraced 	1
this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . 	1
are becoming irritating . 	0
one of the worst of the entire franchise 	0
a selection of scenes in search of a movie . 	0
middle eastern world politics 	1
he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way . 	0
finn 	1
holds the film 	1
falls victim 	0
this slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon . 	1
a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem 	1
amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing 	0
funny bone 	1
weirdly appealing 	1
helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure 	1
though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head 	0
a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means . 	1
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel . 	0
and totally disorientated 	0
wildly entertaining 	1
creative instincts 	1
if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor 	0
remarkably accessible and haunting film 	1
modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance 	0
some good material 	1
indulges in the worst elements of all of them 	0
it preaches 	0
should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it 	0
during that final , beautiful scene 	1
coming back from stock character camp 	0
unfunny wannabe 	0
suspense or believable tension 	1
humorous and 	1
a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films 	1
little mermaid 	1
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving 	1
sheer dynamism 	1
spectator 	1
quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer 	1
to her inventive director 	1
the proper conviction 	1
contorting itself into an idea of expectation 	0
a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy 	1
beautiful food entrée 	1
director lee has a true cinematic knack , 	1
with first love sweetly 	1
runs out of ideas 	0
jar-jar binks : the movie 	0
favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate . 	0
a delightful comedy centering on food 	1
is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 	0
i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- 	1
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 	1
of heart and unsettling subject matter 	1
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - 	1
initially gripping 	1
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary 	1
a fat man 's navel 	0
to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short 	0
an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids 	0
been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 	0
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations . 	1
the film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth . 	1
man cliché 	0
heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism 	0
zany mix 	1
raises some worthwhile themes 	1
make 105 minutes seem twice as long 	0
emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 	0
splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us 	1
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap 	0
smug 	0
is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean 	0
's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies 	1
in a downward narcotized spiral 	0
talented thesps 	1
class bores 	0
there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp 	0
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . 	0
holds promise 	1
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , 	1
completely creatively stillborn 	0
like a great missed opportunity 	0
a majestic achievement 	1
a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** 	1
all comedy 	1
at how much we care about the story 	1
the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . 	0
this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	0
truly larger-than-life 	1
rather slow 	0
since the thrills pop up frequently 	1
pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script 	1
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived . 	0
well loved classic 	1
a rich tale 	1
vague without any of its sense of fun or energy 	0
brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing . 	1
dramatic substance 	1
the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers 	1
the french lieutenant 's woman 	1
are quite admirable 	1
, the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	1
is entertaining on an inferior level 	0
both lead performances are oscar-size . 	1
are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy 	0
's great for the kids 	1
this pretty watchable 	1
yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie 	0
having a hard time believing people were paid to make it 	0
visually bland 	0
the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience 	1
horrors 	0
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . 	0
the recording sessions are intriguing , 	1
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release . 	1
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . 	1
the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone 	0
handled with intelligence and care 	1
clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence . 	0
irritates 	0
at its utterly misplaced earnestness 	0
at its best 	1
made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar 	1
so substantial or fresh 	1
of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness 	0
chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries 	1
her subject matter 	1
the casting of raymond j. barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary . 	1
rosenthal ( halloween ii ) seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense . 	0
the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo 	1
too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes 	0
pretentious mess . 	0
make it worth watching 	1
directs an equally miserable film the following year 	0
their lack of chemistry 	0
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone 	0
the film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears . 	1
most humane and important holocaust movies 	1
to give the film the substance it so desperately needs 	0
argues 	0
classic 	1
the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- 	1
features a standout performance 	1
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived 	0
from one arresting image to another 	1
hurt 	0
shiner 	1
climactic burst 	1
a hallmark hall of fame 	1
loosely tied series 	0
hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby 	0
stitch 	0
someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia 	0
the charm of revolution os 	1
a legend 	1
even more predictable 	0
its heightened , well-shaped dramas 	1
sluggish pacing 	0
to learn , to grow , 	1
the great films 	1
in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance 	0
you 're in luck . 	1
odd but ultimately satisfying 	1
, sprightly spin 	1
to burn every print of the film 	0
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... 	1
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere . 	0
a bad-movie way 	0
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch 	0
allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly 	1
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie . 	1
a terrible movie , 	0
trimmed 	0
the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . 	0
the excitement is missing 	0
numerous , world-renowned filmmakers 	1
first love sweetly 	1
legendary 	1
the curse of a self-hatred instilled 	0
lead performances 	1
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' 	1
creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical 	1
the spotlight 	1
misanthropy 	0
it 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage . 	1
marvelously 	1
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action 	0
the movie should win the band a few new converts , too 	1
tense 	0
the major problem with windtalkers 	0
responsible for this illuminating comedy 	1
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake 	0
hollywood program 	1
no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer 	0
often surprising twists and 	1
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and 	1
's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence . 	0
steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen . 	0
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency . 	1
are n't so substantial or fresh 	0
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue 	1
wheedling reluctant witnesses 	0
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . 	0
this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back . 	1
taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history 	1
the ingenuity 	1
a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone 	1
honest performances and 	1
movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly 	1
of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle 	0
the positives 	1
in the broiling sun for a good three days 	0
, blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . 	1
dimming 	0
like brosnan 's performance , evelyn comes from the heart . 	1
-- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- 	1
has something fascinating to do 	1
was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something 	0
truth-in-advertising hounds 	0
so low 	0
fart 	0
wild 	1
`` red dragon '' is entertaining . 	1
12th oscar nomination 	1
which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them 	0
derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone 	0
mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up 	0
appalling 	0
very stilted in its dialogue 	0
too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary 	0
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after ( seagal 's ) earlier copycat under siege 	0
offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun 	1
as easy to be bored by as your abc 's 	0
is always watchable . 	1
small ... with considerable aplomb 	1
creepy atmosphere 	0
believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals 	1
is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss 	0
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody 	1
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters 	0
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people 	1
that 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . '' 	0
beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors 	1
of the really bad blair witch project 	0
furiously 	0
a tour de force of modern cinema 	1
as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 	1
brilliant touches 	1
that most frightening of all movies 	1
who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby 	0
how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them 	1
originality of plot 	1
there is plenty of room for editing , 	0
would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is 	1
is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 	0
the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions . 	0
be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild 	0
a special kind 	1
would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic 	0
a cesspool 	0
the all-time great apocalypse movies 	1
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , 	0
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome . 	1
ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls 	0
a moving story of determination and the human spirit 	1
to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots 	0
in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 	1
contrived , unmotivated , 	0
some very good comedic songs , 	1
sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 	0
that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame 	0
problematic characters 	0
into an urban hades 	0
good action , good acting , 	1
farcically 	0
to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food 	1
love it , 	1
deserves a chance to shine 	1
its proper home 	1
a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long 	0
me a lot of memento 	1
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision . 	1
a lower i.q. 	0
it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band . 	1
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four . 	0
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . 	1
comes off as insultingly simplistic 	0
neat 	1
above the level of an after-school tv special 	0
a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective 	1
a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors 	1
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could 	1
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor 	0
of the best of a growing strain of daring films 	1
distanced us from the characters . 	0
refreshing to see a romance this smart 	1
shows moments of promise but 	1
the romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be . 	0
urbane sweetness 	1
manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 	1
and refined piece 	1
is consistently amusing and engrossing 	1
a joint promotion 	1
something else altogether -- clownish and 	1
and damaged dreams 	0
touching and funny 	1
( tries ) to parody 	0
than a stifling morality tale 	0
, revolting 	0
this quirky soccer import is forgettable 	0
you instantly know whodunit 	0
you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles 	1
of an ignored people 	0
and thought-provoking film 	1
the film is well-intentioned 	1
on the cinematic front 	1
a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc 	0
far-flung , illogical , 	0
four-star movie 	1
everything else about the film tanks . 	0
funny and wise 	1
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , 	0
adventurous indian filmmakers 	1
stylish but steady , 	1
has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . 	1
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker 	1
, the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 	0
accomplished actress 	1
most accomplished work 	1
saves it ... and makes it 	1
that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world 	0
confused 	0
's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 	0
lot to recommend read my lips 	1
the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play 	1
have been astronomically bad 	0
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , 	0
by then , your senses are as mushy as peas 	1
it hates its characters . 	0
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half . 	1
difficult to fathom 	0
the adventure does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 . 	0
comedy and 	1
genuine quirkiness 	1
came up with a treasure chest of material 	1
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , 	0
... stylistically , the movie is a disaster . 	0
its demented premise 	0
an articulate , grown-up voice 	1
alive and 	1
whether or not 	0
dour 	0
the best story 	1
carries you along 	1
put away the guitar , sell the amp , 	0
about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore 	0
with a twisted sense of humor 	1
the movie 's progression 	1
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written 	0
explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere 	0
, this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids . 	1
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia 	1
tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history 	1
played for maximum moisture 	1
has several strong performances 	1
misconceived final 5 	0
the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing . 	0
a weird and wonderful comedy 	1
strands his superb performers in the same old story 	0
is n't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other 	0
a mere plot pawn 	0
powerful young actor 	1
dark , gritty , sometimes funny 	1
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet 	0
term epic cinema 	1
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; 	0
the lack of linearity 	0
the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard 	1
tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation 	1
short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . 	1
they see the joy the characters take in this creed 	1
natural affability 	1
surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players 	1
one never overwhelms the other 	1
the upscale lifestyle 	1
cannon 's confidence 	1
sharp 	1
all those famous moments 	1
their parents , wise folks that they are 	1
overtly disagreeable 	0
is nothing short of refreshing 	1
who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely 	1
the wonder of mostly martha 	1
despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . ' 	0
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator 	0
provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride 	1
become a spielberg trademark 	1
harsh conceptual exercise 	0
applying definition to both sides of the man 	1
the movie 's charm 	1
does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 	0
intelligence and subtlety 	1
a film 's title served such dire warning 	0
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident 	0
is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . 	1
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder 	1
are still looking for a common through-line 	0
the film is essentially juiceless . 	0
you 're an elvis person 	1
populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 	1
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants . 	0
it made me feel unclean 	0
so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , 	0
bogging down 	0
's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight 	0
ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie 	0
you 're far better served by the source material . 	0
sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments 	1
he 's been in years 	0
while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision 	1
, it is twice as bestial but half as funny . 	0
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul . 	0
great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting 	1
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish . 	1
's not a great monster movie . 	0
triumph over a scrooge or two 	1
's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness 	1
an encouraging effort from mccrudden 	1
believe it or 	1
fresh and absorbing 	1
a funny yet dark and 	1
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences 	0
during sunset 	1
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but 	1
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , 	0
a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace 	1
of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach 	0
will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them . 	0
what he 's already done way too often 	0
come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals 	1
goofy , nutty , consistently funny . 	1
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , 	0
by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 	0
cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects 	1
morally bankrupt 	0
easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story 	1
to being very funny 	1
are as timely as tomorrow 	1
to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick 	0
pure 	1
the low-grade cheese standards 	0
a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey 	1
is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . 	0
`` serious issues '' 	0
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists 	1
more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn 	0
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks . 	1
would do better elsewhere 	0
posey 	1
this junk 	0
a nice little story 	1
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience . 	0
frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy 	0
revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . 	1
a bittersweet contemporary comedy 	0
the comic effects of jealousy 	1
the powerful success 	1
merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press 	1
very sincere 	1
lack contrast , are murky 	0
funny film . 	1
just die already 	0
superficial midlife crisis 	0
as delightful 	1
achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture 	1
that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling 	0
watchable stuff . 	1
looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . 	1
as gripping 	1
the movie 's success 	1
monsoon wedding 	1
, davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air 	1
girl entry 	1
cliche-ridden 	0
fathom 	0
kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . 	1
a mediocre movie trying to get out 	0
that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton 	0
as if it were an obligation 	0
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- 	1
we never really get inside of them . 	0
smarter offerings 	1
is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens 	1
succeeded only in making me groggy . 	1
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . 	0
under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name 	0
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight 	0
with great sympathy and intelligence 	1
in such a gloriously goofy way 	1
are really surprising 	1
an addictive guilty pleasure 	1
upper teens may get cynical . 	0
is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious . 	0
deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy 	0
to the climactic burst of violence 	1
a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department 	1
pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde 	0
little narrative momentum 	0
cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump 	0
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture . 	1
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream 	0
into one good one 	1
sometimes funny 	1
of relentlessly nasty situations 	0
real characters 	1
deserves a look 	1
an extraordinary 	1
that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming 	1
it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens 	0
drag audience enthusiasm 	0
obscenely 	0
a terrible story 	0
a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers 	0
rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except 	0
airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe 	0
, the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor 	1
deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context 	1
be profane 	0
achieves the near-impossible 	1
some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights 	1
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour . 	0
has not a trace of humanity or empathy 	0
stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why 	1
more balanced or fair portrayal 	1
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , 	1
it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did i miss something ? '' 	0
far less enjoyable 	0
beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 	1
imax sound system 	1
any flaws that come later 	0
this date-night diversion 	0
- style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack . 	1
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable 	1
is one reason it 's so lackluster . 	0
can not be revived . 	0
artificial suspense 	0
is the score , as in the songs translate well to film 	1
a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 	0
are what makes it worth the trip to the theater 	1
nothing about crime 	0
it can comfortably hold 	1
is strictly routine . 	0
has a tired , talky feel 	0
futility 	0
affected and boring 	0
a hollywood film 	1
relegated to a dark video store corner 	0
piercingly affecting 	1
of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film 	1
the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake . 	1
hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling . 	1
is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 	0
an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	1
refuses 	0
eccentric , accident-prone characters 	0
about one of cinema 's directorial giants 	1
told with an appropriate minimum of means . 	1
such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 	1
debut effort by `` project greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish . 	0
warm . 	1
can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work 	1
one ca n't deny its seriousness and quality . 	1
more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	0
of new york locales and sharp writing 	1
steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty 	1
set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine 	1
the good fight 	1
fare with real thematic heft . 	1
the audience award 	1
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , 	1
grim future 	0
an mtv , sugar hysteria , and 	0
, remarkably unpretentious 	1
it 's too long and unfocused . 	0
most virtuous 	1
for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem 	1
clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation 	0
drop everything and run to ichi 	1
quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it 	1
can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 	0
ultimately , sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness . 	0
to a new scene , which also appears to be the end 	0
contrived and secondhand 	0
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment . 	1
stages his gags 	0
viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure . 	1
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family 	1
'm guessing the director is a magician . 	1
combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions 	1
imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	1
ultimately vapid 	0
for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence . 	0
old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 	1
must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . 	0
to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 	1
balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy 	0
it should be poignant 	1
it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison 	0
infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart . 	1
crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs . 	0
an endless trailer 	0
the dreadfulness 	0
modestly 	1
turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema 	0
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , 	0
the growing , moldering pile 	0
the title , many can aspire but none can equal 	0
the dullest science fiction 	0
salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation 	0
, from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner 	1
re-imagining of beauty and 	1
the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work 	1
lousy tarantino imitations 	0
that rare combination 	1
, and intelligence 	1
it 's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . 	0
in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 	0
a well-put-together piece of urban satire . 	1
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it . 	1
keep you wide awake and ... very tense 	1
has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . 	0
sugar-coated rocky 	0
the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . 	0
for laughs 	1
see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale 	1
in freshening the play 	1
to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 	0
it 's great cinematic polemic 	1
an often intense character study 	1
more contemptuous of the single female population 	0
a very capable nailbiter . 	1
of warmth 	1
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community . 	1
dozens of bad guys 	0
the upbeat ending feels like a copout 	0
can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell 	0
is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer 	1
handled well 	1
sick society 	0
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue 	0
histrionic 	0
overworked 	0
of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing 	0
lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense 	1
's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax 	1
blockbuster 	1
most haunting about `` fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen . 	1
the brutality 	0
's pauly shore awful . 	0
those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart 	0
's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones 	1
that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	0
a painful lie 	0
just right 	1
coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro 	1
it is effective 	1
are still unconcerned about what they ingest 	1
in grand passion 	1
as averse as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , this one got to me . 	1
a sure hand 	1
that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence 	1
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade 	1
purdy 	1
captivating and intimate study 	1
going to make his debut as a film director 	1
with enough action 	1
charming and evoking little ditty 	1
does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us 	0
's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers 	1
anachronistic quick edits and 	1
laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in 	1
complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out 	1
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers . 	0
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and 	0
makes it attractive throughout 	1
like a promising work-in-progress 	1
most breezy movie steven spielberg 	1
intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries 	1
rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks 	1
is never lethargic 	1
( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional 	0
none can equal 	1
confuses its message 	0
predictably efficient piece 	1
equally impressive 	1
assurance 	1
expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show 	0
wedgie 	0
most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . 	1
an incredibly narrow in-joke 	0
enjoy yourselves 	1
with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties 	1
to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house 	1
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	1
than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 	0
, lushly photographed and beautifully recorded . 	1
the awe in which it holds itself 	1
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved . 	0
first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' 	1
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , 	1
this much imagination 	1
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness 	1
of the acting breed 	1
does n't quite get there 	0
'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking . 	0
helmer 	1
infectious enthusiasm 	1
terminally bland 	0
's about issues most adults have to face in marriage 	0
than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 	0
dramatic , funny and poignant 	1
divine monument 	1
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 	0
as a durable part of the movie landscape 	1
peppered with false starts and 	0
by talented writer/director anderson 	1
accomplished 	1
knockaround 	1
the movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . 	0
rely on an ambiguous presentation 	0
's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own 	1
though a morbid one 	0
nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore 	0
he has a great cast and a great idea . 	1
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost . 	1
laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment 	1
life affirming and heartbreaking 	1
burn the negative and the script 	0
to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness 	1
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags . 	1
so slick and 	1
is remembering 	1
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . 	0
suspense , intriguing characters 	1
thought was going to be really awful 	0
bouncy 	1
wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why 	1
the plan to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong . 	0
although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another major league . 	0
a social injustice , at least 	0
if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . 	1
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . 	1
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but 	1
taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff 	0
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm 	1
to be something of a sitcom apparatus 	0
than a worthwhile effort 	1
you could hate it for the same reason . 	0
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite . 	0
broken character study 	0
seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 	0
clever makeup design 	1
a creative urge 	1
muddled and 	0
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... 	1
killing time 	0
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor 	1
another entertaining 	1
escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars 	1
like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall ! 	1
inept , tedious 	0
his strongest performance 	1
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount 	1
more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable 	0
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles 	1
crafted picture 	1
, intelligent , and humanly funny film . 	1
class resentment 	0
's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties . 	1
there 's plenty to impress about e.t. 	1
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant . 	1
the charm of the first movie is still there , 	1
to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 	0
is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance . 	1
hideously and 	0
witty and 	1
refreshingly 	1
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest . 	0
both exuberantly 	1
a delicate ambiguity 	1
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale 	1
it 's a rock-solid little genre picture 	1
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera 's attention to detail . 	1
one lousy movie 	0
that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace 	1
make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not 	0
cheap-shot 	0
's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 	0
spicy footnote 	1
the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 	0
astonishingly vivid 	1
particular , anciently demanding métier 	0
sticky and unsatisfied 	0
whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone 	1
, worse 	0
the rollicking dark humor 	1
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : 	1
sick character 	0
every bit as fascinating 	1
i realized the harsh reality of my situation 	0
so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny 	0
of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues 	1
are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief . 	1
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and 	1
, not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing . 	1
nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album 	0
all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh 	1
harps on media-constructed ` issues ' 	0
it 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen . 	1
has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence 	1
the actors are simply too good , and 	1
stains 	0
flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong 	0
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat . 	1
effecting change 	1
a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted 	1
rich visual clarity and deeply 	1
have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart . 	1
indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 	1
, why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? 	0
such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me 	1
no clue 	0
, it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 	0
the movie turns out to be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness . 	0
you doze off thirty minutes into the film 	0
a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone 	0
little visible talent and no energy 	0
to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face 	1
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and 	0
is pretty damned funny 	1
runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem 	1
action laudable 	1
if only it were , well , funnier . 	0
the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , 	1
cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	0
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson 	0
moving and stark 	1
is certainly easy to watch 	1
exceptionally good idea 	1
'' is a big time stinker . 	0
an impressive achievement 	1
thumbs down . 	0
seasonal holiday kids 	1
teasing 	0
fun with the quirks of family life 	1
such self-amused trash 	0
mixed-up 	1
ballistic : 	1
succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them 	1
this chiaroscuro of madness and light 	1
a wonderful subject for the camera 	1
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there 	0
of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick 	0
foul up shum 's good intentions . 	0
doltish and 	0
directed , barely 	0
an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people 	1
the thing about guys like evans is this : you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins . 	0
going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 	1
like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' 	1
upbeat 	1
berry 's saucy 	1
makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison 	1
can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter . 	1
an achingly enthralling premise , the film 	1
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and 	1
is always watchable 	1
lowered your entertainment standards 	0
imagination 	1
the tragedy beneath it 	1
can feel the love 	1
good action 	1
barf 	0
much like its easily dismissive 	0
too many characters saying too many clever things and 	0
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music 	1
well told . 	1
jfk conspiracy nuts 	0
filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo 	0
has little insight into the historical period and its artists 	0
family togetherness 	1
with grace and humor and gradually 	1
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers . 	0
survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller 	1
the idiocy of its last frames 	0
the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting 	1
sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama 	1
demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were 	0
for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time 	0
unforgivingly inconsistent 	0
is n't as sharp as the original 	0
an uneasy mix 	0
a convincing brogue 	1
, slow scenes 	0
a touching , sophisticated film 	1
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons . 	0
give committed performances 	1
poetry 	1
hits all the verbal marks it should 	1
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed . 	1
no means a slam-dunk and 	0
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell . 	0
genuinely sweet 	1
become very involved 	1
ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth . 	1
an architect of pop culture 	1
with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability 	1
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , 	0
something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	1
conceit 	0
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music 	1
a testament to the film 's considerable charm 	1
brutally labored and unfunny hokum 	0
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place 	0
with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived 	1
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous . 	1
to like any of these despicable characters 	0
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy 	1
so true and heartbreaking 	1
son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . '' 	0
a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity . 	1
a strangely tempting bouquet 	1
, accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 	0
about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams 	0
's fairly lame 	0
wildly popular 	1
being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something 	1
the stars 	1
author 's 	0
much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes 	1
suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . 	0
sweet gentle jesus 	1
its lavish formalism 	1
strangely believable 	1
scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation . 	1
visual virtuosity 	1
, see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . 	1
the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller 	1
an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and 	0
terribly 	0
is the director 's talent . 	1
a catastrophic collision 	0
that gives pic its title an afterthought 	0
thanks largely 	1
is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride . 	1
that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 	0
his subject justice 	1
brain strain 	0
an oscar nomination 	1
her inventive director 	1
a few nice twists in a standard plot and 	1
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and 	1
humanistic 	1
with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around 	1
the film works in spite of it 	1
to be a boy truly in love with a girl 	1
comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy 	0
sillier , cuter , 	1
can not be revived 	0
as pretty contagious fun 	1
guilt 	0
in its lack of poetic frissons 	0
screaming but yawning 	0
unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow 	1
plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line . 	0
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , 	1
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent 	1
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill . 	1
masterly 	1
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , 	0
loses himself to the film 's circular structure 	0
with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations 	1
unfocused 	0
an auspicious feature debut 	1
as original and insightful as last week 's episode of behind the music . 	0
a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes 	0
like this movie 	1
this stylish film 	1
an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground 	1
's horribly wrong 	0
a historically significant , and personal , episode 	1
are committed 	1
a dull , somnambulant exercise 	0
reward 	1
rare treat 	1
developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else 	0
werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken 	1
with verve 	1
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids 	0
fanciful 	1
an unflinching , 	1
is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge 	0
sensitive story 	1
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans . 	1
bleak 	0
other words , about as bad a film 	0
a true star 	1
's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . 	0
the integrity and vision 	1
little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon 	0
may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made . 	1
baffled by jason x. 	0
philosophical void 	0
an exercise in chilling style , 	1
actually makes the heart soar 	1
normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable 	0
talky 	1
like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor 	1
no psychology 	0
meandering , low on energy 	0
's only in fairy tales 	0
vivid personality 	1
in addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . 	1
to be oblivious to the existence of this film 	0
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch . 	1
a true pleasure . 	1
's something vital about the movie 	1
touching , raucously amusing 	1
the worst films of the summer 	0
pat , fairy-tale conclusion 	1
a grating , emaciated flick . 	0
among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations . 	1
lose their luster when flattened onscreen . 	0
the picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed . 	1
charming and witty 	1
simply ca n't recommend it enough . 	1
buried at the heart of his story 	1
through torture 	0
that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that 	0
'' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home 	1
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks 	1
but oddly compelling 	1
sophisticated and unsentimental treatment 	1
portrays their cartoon counterparts well 	1
... a solid , unassuming drama . 	1
a visual delight 	1
's a heck of a ride 	1
standard formula 	0
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other 	0
's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something 	0
to have been lost in the translation this time 	0
is simply brilliant . 	1
gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers 	1
engaging enough 	1
second-rate 	0
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding 	0
of the great films about movie love 	1
pale 	0
ranks with the best of herzog 's works 	1
an inelegant combination 	0
harrowing account 	1
this is going to be something really good 	1
substandard performances 	0
the movie is amateurish , 	0
to the awfulness of the movie 	0
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here 	0
sappy dialogue 	0
's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits 	1
his surprising discovery of love and humility 	1
such an engrossing story 	1
have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster 	0
flatter it 	1
triple x marks the spot . 	1
put on an intoxicating show 	1
one 's appetite for the bollywood films 	1
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic 	0
most offensive thing 	0
... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences . 	1
the film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed . 	0
is by far the worst movie of the year . 	0
repellantly out of control 	0
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted . 	1
go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans 	0
tremble without losing his machismo 	1
but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise . 	0
by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) 	1
be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance 	0
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but 	0
their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners 	0
skip it 	0
's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest . 	1
, big trouble could be considered a funny little film . 	1
cell phones , guns , and 	1
undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation 	1
the wasted potential 	0
are uniformly good . 	1
about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses 	0
becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are . 	1
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or 	0
to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish 	1
steers refreshingly clear 	1
in the film 's verbal pokes 	1
cliches and pat storytelling 	0
tics 	0
be sorry 	0
defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks 	0
an overexposed waste 	0
a satisfying evening 	1
's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter 	0
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances 	1
that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 	1
a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship 	1
unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . 	0
new 	1
curse 	0
completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art 	0
haphazard theatrical release 	0
destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 	1
, the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 	1
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out 	1
clichés and sneering humor 	0
that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects 	0
the junk-calorie suspense tropes 	0
transcend its genre 	1
entertainment that parents love to have their kids 	1
mr. soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious . 	0
has no real point 	0
they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting 	0
, we never really get inside of them . 	0
witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . 	1
seems so real 	1
to easy jokes and insults 	0
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama 	1
a fresh and absorbing look 	1
of jaglom 's own profession 	0
it makes up for with its heart . 	1
dumb 	0
cliched to hardened indie-heads 	0
of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live 	0
is a success in some sense 	1
it 's easy to love robin tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- 	1
has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew 	0
miss congeniality 	1
it 's at least watchable 	0
'll end up moved 	1
fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution 	1
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good 	1
shrek 	1
more confused , 	0
dominated 	1
a low rate annie 	0
insufficiently 	0
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures 	0
is a magician 	1
wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago 	0
the perkiness 	1
a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films . 	1
it will be well worth your time . 	1
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful 	1
the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material 	0
enlightening , insightful and entertaining 	1
like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow 	0
spent elsewhere 	0
please the eye 	1
a complex story 	1
awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals 	1
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions 	1
disservice 	0
's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 	0
celluloid garbage 	0
this tepid genre offering 	0
nothing wrong with performances here 	1
strong finish 	1
i 've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ... 	0
soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . 	1
delightfully against the grain 	1
insultingly 	0
, the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic . 	0
i love the robust middle of this picture . 	1
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 	0
disappointingly thin 	0
bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 	0
other , better crime movies 	0
we ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . 	0
succeeded in 	1
genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental 	1
capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's 	1
it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels 	0
a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 	1
swallow than julie taymor 's preposterous titus 	0
can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 	1
moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama 	1
affection 	1
from the people laughing in the crowd 	1
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . 	1
a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness 	0
the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes 	1
make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie . 	1
frank capra played this story straight . 	1
as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism 	1
boldly stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain . 	0
a moving and important film 	1
then becomes unwatchable 	0
immersive 	1
about discovering your destination in life 	1
slow scenes 	0
how bad his movie is 	0
the film 's story does not live up to its style 	0
has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes . 	1
it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience . 	1
delectable 	1
there 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present . 	0
does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country 	0
so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament 	0
the only winner 	1
gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut 	1
a paunchy midsection , 	0
` yes , that 's right : it 's forrest gump , angel of death . ' 	1
of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	0
an uncomfortable experience , 	0
almost unbearably morbid 	0
may really need the company of others 	0
a vivid , sometimes surreal , 	1
grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration 	1
best story 	1
entirely wholesome 	1
the viewer wide-awake all the way through 	1
an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era 	1
is well done 	1
needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us 	0
this flat run 	0
'll forget about it by monday , though 	0
the story is lacking any real emotional impact 	0
a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it 	0
's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . 	0
made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half 	0
precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen 	1
the movie 's rude and crude humor 	0
vivid 	1
beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay 	0
is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema 	1
a perfectly rendered period piece 	1
thriller as lazy 	0
, slow and dreary 	0
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil . 	0
i loved this film . 	1
is funny 	1
to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic 	0
one of a really solid woody allen film 	1
faithful 	1
the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense 	0
soulless techno-tripe . 	0
in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis 	0
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused . 	0
the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan 	1
`` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance 	1
the magnificent swooping aerial shots 	1
it 's not particularly well made , but 	0
is never especially clever and often 	0
enough moments to keep it entertaining 	1
for the whole family 	1
halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles . 	0
to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness 	1
a genuine dramatic impact 	1
deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world . 	1
'll see a better thriller this year 	0
villains 	0
to the concession stand and/or restroom 	0
's appealingly manic and energetic . 	1
wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title . 	1
rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year 	1
something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects 	1
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters 	1
a psychological mystery 	1
most opaque , self-indulgent 	0
is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script . 	1
to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance 	0
loud , chaotic and 	0
by a strong and unforced supporting cast 	1
the director 's experiment is a successful one . 	1
the worst movie i 've seen this summer 	0
hopkins 	1
is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience 	0
staged violence overshadows everything 	0
with a sweet 	1
lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating 	0
make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic 	1
the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material . 	0
illustrates 	1
fully developed story 	1
is too impressed with its own solemn insights 	0
subtlest works 	1
a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies 	1
butterfingered 	0
a negligible british comedy . 	0
about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 	1
's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller 	1
their noble endeavor 	1
swimfan does catch on 	1
randall wallace 	1
of the most curiously depressing 	0
the film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations . 	1
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him . 	0
a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why 	1
incredibly irritating comedy 	0
and mainly unfunny 	0
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , 	1
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy . 	1
the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie 	0
when she should be building suspense 	0
confidence 	1
gets old quickly . 	0
pass this stinker off as a scary movie 	0
emotionally stirring 	1
, possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 	1
in boredom 	0
the movie makes two hours feel like four . 	0
appealing enough 	1
a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality 	1
of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it 	1
contemplative , and sublimely beautiful . 	1
new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers 	1
delete key 	0
this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen . 	0
never loses its ability to shock and amaze . 	1
of the insurance actuary 	1
is a whole lot of nada . 	0
the fantastic 	1
of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes 	0
on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences 	1
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , 	1
piffle . 	0
be seen everywhere 	0
an indisputably spooky film 	1
david and 	1
always hilarious meara 	1
routine action and jokes like this 	0
is extraordinary . 	1
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising . 	1
fun-for-fun 's 	1
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off 	0
tie together beautifully 	1
dense , exhilarating documentary . 	1
that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are 	0
, rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings 	1
is even better than the fellowship 	1
makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role 	0
clunky tv-movie 	0
return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation 	1
believable performances 	1
too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets . 	1
fall together without much surprise 	0
the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons 	0
would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film . 	0
enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity 	1
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time . 	1
rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations 	0
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining 	1
profoundly stupid affair 	0
even dies . 	0
sad 	0
assurance worthy 	1
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame . 	1
hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film 	0
tired 	0
but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment . 	1
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies 	1
for dance completists only . 	0
mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings 	0
it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 	1
disquieting and thought-provoking film 	1
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing . 	0
about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) 	1
the best movies of the year 	1
, the acting is robotically italicized , 	0
gorgeous to look at but 	1
most antsy youngsters 	1
it collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush . 	0
, entertaining thriller 	1
rowdy participants 	1
are canny and spiced with irony . 	1
an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense 	0
's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion . 	1
with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences 	0
with his picture-perfect life 	1
91-minute trailer 	0
enticing and often funny documentary . 	1
asian neo-realist treasure . 	1
had much science 	1
to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 	1
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length 	0
symbolic characters 	1
is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits 	0
having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 	0
rich and full life 	1
somber , absurd , and 	0
directed with sensitivity and skill 	1
, despite many talky , slow scenes 	0
discerning taste 	1
the pacing is deadly 	0
being forceful , sad without being shrill 	1
mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady 	1
, it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun 	1
steal 	0
this bad on purpose 	0
earthy 	1
drunken driver 	0
the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him . 	1
as boring and as obvious 	0
the best script that besson has written in years . 	1
an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans 	0
you enough to feel good about 	1
found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	1
wreaked 	0
long and tedious 	0
proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages 	1
has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half . ' 	0
are simply dazzling 	1
incoherence 	0
artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson 	1
sex with strangers is fascinating ... 	1
songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . 	0
i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 	1
dismal 	0
just as much intelligence 	1
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . 	0
contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major 	0
an intoxicating experience . 	1
of the two bewitched adolescents 	0
hatred 	0
wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder . 	0
hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power 	1
fun , with an undeniable energy 	1
complexity 	1
so sloppily written and 	0
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold ! 	1
shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits 	1
humbuggery ... 	0
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ? 	1
the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) 	1
impressively true for being so hot-blooded 	1
nice to see what he could make with a decent budget 	1
be dismissed as mindless 	0
raunchy as south park 	0
three sides of his story with a sensitivity 	1
is a must 	1
krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone 	1
tested by bad luck and their own immaturity 	0
most importantly , 	1
those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home 	0
random glass-shattering 	0
to jimmy 's relentless anger 	0
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels . 	1
does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) 	0
witty , wistful new film 	1
put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals 	0
gets very ugly , very fast 	0
into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy 	1
the attempt to complicate the story 	0
if you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . 	0
the incomprehensible anne rice novel 	0
's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . 	1
the gorgeous locales and 	1
an erotic thriller that 	1
to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss 	0
appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 	1
indie of the year , so far . 	1
enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded 	1
a humanistic message 	1
this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people . 	0
thoughtful , visually graceful 	1
reign 	1
rough 	0
nurtured his metaphors 	0
single-minded as john carpenter 's original 	0
once in a while a film 	1
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers . 	0
from firing on all cylinders 	1
watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement . 	0
new treasure 	1
is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life . 	0
an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit . 	0
eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 	0
particularly memorable effect 	1
jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time 	0
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 	0
at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting 	0
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around . 	0
pale script 	0
in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance 	0
their charisma 	1
but none of which amounts to much of a story 	0
's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin . 	1
an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off . 	1
a soufflé gone wrong 	0
daring and verve 	1
staggered from the theater 	0
you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours 	1
with actorish notations on the margin of acting 	0
finds his inspiration 	1
a gritty police thriller 	1
helped 	1
a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode 	0
watchable . 	1
efficiently minimalist style 	1
a sharp script and strong performances 	1
about thoroughly vacuous people 	0
the call of the wild 	1
does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again . 	1
win you over , in a big way 	1
bore 	0
exceptional to justify a three hour running time 	1
accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel . 	0
's just tediously bad , 	0
inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot 	0
rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie 	1
is the best star trek movie in a long time . 	1
purpose 	1
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick . 	0
to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone 	1
sci-fi generic 	0
an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni 	0
a subtle and richly internalized performance 	1
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity . 	1
brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal 	0
's moving 	1
the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . 	0
deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this 	0
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	1
a poignant and wryly amusing film 	1
oddly compelling . 	1
a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story . 	0
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film 	1
's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film 	0
spectacle 	1
have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) 	0
speaks volumes 	1
a cockeyed shot all the way . 	0
a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , 	0
crap 	0
of the stand-up comic 	1
is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh 	0
manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation 	1
a pointed , often tender , examination 	1
( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) 	1
discerned here that producers would be well to heed 	0
a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that 	0
this loser 	0
cheap trick 	0
impressive and highly entertaining 	1
completely enlightening 	1
gooding is the energetic frontman , 	1
musicals back 40 years 	1
's far from a frothy piece 	1
muted 	0
all the hearts it won -- and wins still 	1
its fusty squareness 	0
jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod 	1
a more annoying 	0
highlander 	1
is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories 	0
( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism . 	1
a wide summer audience 	1
oscar caliber cast 	1
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater 	1
's splash without the jokes 	0
the extensive use of stock footage 	0
a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	1
most colorful and controversial artists 	1
while it 's nothing we have n't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . 	1
everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and 	1
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still 	1
terrific performances 	1
all awkward , 	0
you 're on the edge of your seat 	1
, eastwood is off his game 	0
watch , giggle and get 	1
the way home 	1
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , 	1
, this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian . 	1
it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . ' 	0
broomfield has compelling new material 	1
, unsubtle and hollywood-predictable 	0
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , 	1
one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party 	1
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise 	0
the first place 	1
to be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame 	0
, collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture . 	0
from the opening strains of the average white band 's `` pick up the pieces '' , you can feel the love . 	1
could use a little more humanity , 	0
warm , inviting , and 	1
fun for kids of any age 	1
brand name 	1
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is 	1
everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 	1
i did n't smile . 	0
, is repellantly out of control . 	0
ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third 	0
find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 	1
the wild thornberrys movie 	1
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , 	0
these ambitions , laudable in themselves 	1
best-known creation 	1
increasingly amused irony 	1
beautiful , 	1
is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish 	1
of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated 	1
worn-out material 	0
somewhat clumsy 	0
unremittingly ugly movie 	0
lost their movie mojo 	0
translate well to film 	1
scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away 	1
favorite 	1
me grinning 	1
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then 	1
pack your knitting needles 	0
is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes 	1
ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . 	1
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , 	1
be much funnier than anything 	1
when it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . 	1
is a pleasant enough dish 	1
the new insomnia 	1
simple , sweet and romantic 	1
lacked any 	0
fails . 	0
ignored it 	0
sick and twisted 	0
is visually smart 	1
real visual charge to the filmmaking 	1
reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap . 	0
revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 	1
produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised 	1
confusing and horrifying 	0
`` abandon '' 	0
the tale commands attention . 	1
a day at the beach 	1
why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie 	0
complex and quirky 	1
oo many of these gross out scenes 	0
have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament . 	1
the best film 	1
high-octane jolts 	1
processed comedy 	0
sexy , funny and touching 	1
a stylish psychological thriller 	1
winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it 	0
an asian landscape painting 	1
is more of an ordeal than an amusement 	0
impresses 	1
are strong 	1
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 	1
is mostly a bore 	0
seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world 	0
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk 	0
excellent cast 	1
the right film 	1
buy is an accomplished actress 	1
... blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves . 	0
pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . 	0
of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure 	1
personal tragedy 	0
the director 's experiment 	1
assassination 	0
chilling 	1
shekhar kapur 	1
broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car 	0
the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth 	1
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter 	1
buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary 	0
genuinely satisfying 	1
offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded 	1
least accessible 	0
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve . 	1
believe that people have lost the ability to think and 	0
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , 	0
a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured 	1
is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery 	0
this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies 	1
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects 	0
good-looking but 	1
visually 	1
can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby 	0
are n't 	0
disdain 	0
narrative and ( too ) short 	0
spiritual survival 	1
` how can you charge money for this ? ' 	0
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner 	0
both hugely entertaining and uplifting 	1
create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time . 	1
loathe 	0
grating and tedious . 	0
keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired 	0
much to our dismay 	0
with sean penn 's monotone narration 	0
after next spreads them pretty thin 	1
, walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . 	1
a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look 	1
a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy 	0
begins with promise , but runs 	0
incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music 	0
of any film more challenging or depressing 	0
the heat of the moment 	1
professional 	1
as they do in this marvelous film 	1
that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at 	0
anemic , pretentious 	0
may be as history 	1
is merely a charmless witch . 	0
take on a great writer and dubious human being 	1
to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 	0
the classics 	1
miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet . 	1
funny in the middle 	1
even with all its botches , enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . 	1
is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it 	1
's not a great monster movie 	0
certainly raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before . 	1
for decades we 've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . 	1
with heart and humor 	1
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up 	0
that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 	1
liberating 	1
this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book 	1
byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . 	1
on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries 	1
characterizations to be mildly amusing 	1
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex 	1
is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film 	0
one feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism . 	1
grandiosity 	1
is a real charmer 	1
time waster ' 	0
seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many . 	1
showing off 	0
and surehanded direction 	1
that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works 	1
a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy 	1
very capable 	1
one decent performance from the cast and 	1
because the plot is equally hackneyed 	0
it can do even more damage 	0
's the worst movie i 've seen this summer 	0
visual treat 	1
a coherent whole 	1
for true fans 	1
is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario 	0
makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important 	1
is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . 	0
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- 	0
a suspenseful horror movie 	1
` hip ' 	1
with passion and energy 	1
gay porn film 	0
sameness 	0
informative , 	1
thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story 	0
vaguely silly overkill 	0
comedy death 	0
mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . 	0
ultimate scorsese film 	1
eroti-comedy 	0
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold . 	1
beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy 	1
harsh reality 	0
the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . 	1
quieter domestic scenes 	0
it 's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work . 	0
seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested . 	0
a class by itself 	1
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) 	0
bad sign 	0
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip . 	0
packed with moments out of an alice 	1
holds you in rapt attention from 	1
writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . 	1
by a talented director 	1
felt with a sardonic jolt 	0
funny for grown-ups as for rugrats 	1
emotionally accessible , almost mystical work 	1
like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 	0
so intimate and 	1
mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . 	0
a love story and 	1
the only one laughing at his own joke 	0
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals . 	1
a warm , fuzzy feeling 	1
is hilarious 	1
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , 	1
the problem with antwone fisher 	1
, nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 	1
the image that really tells the tale 	1
could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 	1
stuffed to the brim with ideas 	1
terrific computer graphics 	1
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	0
crack you up 	1
fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera 	1
squanders as much as it gives out 	0
butterflies that die 	0
star-making 	1
the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries 	1
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming 	1
j.k. rowling 's marvelous series 	1
... belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . 	1
of a mishmash 	0
goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear 	1
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine . 	0
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , 	1
scarily funny 	1
a true study , 	1
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , 	1
a useless movie 	0
the tone for a summer of good stuff 	1
confusion and pain 	0
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . 	0
guilt-free trip 	1
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- 	1
to a new , self-deprecating level 	0
are simply too bland to be interesting . 	0
, the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . 	0
has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group . 	1
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling . 	1
revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 	1
as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely 	1
of academic skullduggery and politics 	0
supposedly , pokemon ca n't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over . 	0
predictably conventional 	0
than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating 	0
ca n't really be called animation 	0
mild disturbance or detached pleasure 	0
without oppressive 	1
you ca n't miss it . 	1
with the cliché-laden screenplay 	0
'll love it and probably want to see it twice . 	1
well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 	0
sensual , 	1
murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , 	0
a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation 	1
with the fast , funny , and even touching story 	1
silly and tedious 	0
that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated 	0
done excellent work here 	1
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking 	1
looks as if it belongs on the big screen 	1
a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own 	1
the compassion , good-natured humor 	1
of a mixed bag , with enough negatives 	0
stupid americans 	0
, it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . 	0
material this rich it does n't need it 	1
thoughtful what-if 	1
, you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 	1
adults , other than the parents ... 	1
the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists 	1
around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	0
around this movie directionless 	0
you come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another . 	0
solid storytelling . 	1
by weaving a theme throughout this funny film 	1
is one of those all-star reunions 	1
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but 	1
's something vital about the movie . 	1
not into high-tech splatterfests 	0
an accuracy 	1
given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment 	1
but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert . 	1
elizabeth hurley 's 	1
makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) 	1
ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you 	1
an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off 	1
eloquent , reflective and beautifully 	1
surprisingly gentle 	1
good intentions 	1
a bittersweet drama 	1
a mesmerizing performance 	1
it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	0
with an appropriate minimum of means 	1
it magic 	1
the film is well-crafted 	1
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision 	1
done excellent work 	1
runs out of steam after a half hour . 	0
sometimes almost senseless 	0
educates viewers 	1
choke 	0
thoughtful 	1
to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood 	1
of john c. walsh 's pipe dream 	0
something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation 	1
is utterly fearless as the tortured husband 	1
that already-shallow 	0
hip , contemporary , in-jokey one 	1
of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) 	1
barely register 	0
is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away 	1
sturdiest example yet 	1
deeply meditative 	1
have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 	1
soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , 	0
estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro 	1
a ` girls gone wild ' video 	0
's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor 	1
hilarious kenneth branagh 	1
madonna 's cameo does n't suck ! 	1
tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke 	0
a love story as sanguine 	0
beating the austin powers films 	1
the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop 	1
tiresome love triangles 	0
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ... 	1
told with sharp ears and eyes 	1
indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . 	1
gesturing 	1
continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio . 	1
it 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter . 	0
a story worth caring about 	1
uncomfortable 	0
something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 	1
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , 	1
be as bored 	0
( davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany 	1
biographical fantasia 	1
because of its epic scope 	1
that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep 	1
not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved 	0
look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	0
such a great one 	1
, you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . 	1
and not in a good way 	0
a side dish no one ordered 	0
with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner 	1
is to be cherished 	1
structured and well-realized 	1
charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark 	1
about female friendship that men can embrace and women 	1
a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job 	1
certainly hard to hate 	1
'll feel as the credits roll 	1
is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot 	0
gorgeous and finely detailed 	1
zings along with vibrance and warmth 	1
playfully profound 	1
, you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 	0
, this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest . 	1
as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball 	0
the distance 	1
inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc 	1
without intent 	1
an action/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat . 	1
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie 	0
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative . 	1
we can enjoy as mild escapism 	1
irreparable 	0
detention 	0
is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad 	0
even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached . 	0
the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless 	0
leaves something to be desired 	0
b-movie scum 	0
honest 	1
most generic 	0
that is , more often then not , difficult and sad 	0
generous and 	1
is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen . 	0
's coherent , well shot , and 	1
camera movements 	1
absurd plot twists , 	0
waters 	0
schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle . 	0
this stuck pig of a movie 	0
otherwise comic 	1
( while the last metro ) was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history . 	1
rejected x-files episode 	0
it can be a bit repetitive 	0
it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . 	0
looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man 	0
that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer 	0
as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle 	1
is to frighten and disturb 	0
especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it 	0
left a few crucial things out , 	0
sirk 	1
may well be the only one laughing at his own joke 	0
littered with celluloid garbage 	0
covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . 	0
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , 	1
which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking 	0
the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 	0
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . 	1
of interest 	1
a formula comedy 	0
, giggly little story 	1
lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s . 	0
a children 's film in the truest sense 	1
the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters 	1
rotting 	0
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john 	0
glizty 	1
's as good as you remember 	1
is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	0
dreary 	0
you ca n't wait to see end . 	0
the story itself is actually quite vapid . 	0
brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 	0
an irresistibly uncanny ambience 	1
your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute 	1
successful at lodging itself in the brain 	1
until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy 	1
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others 	1
much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché . 	0
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . 	1
bisset is both convincing and radiant 	1
an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar . 	1
everybody else is in the background 	1
nothing but boilerplate clichés 	0
enter 	1
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares . 	0
breathes life 	1
stylish psychological thriller 	1
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and 	1
moved to the edge of their seats 	1
is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles 	1
high production values 	1
particularly nightmarish 	0
and utterly pointless 	0
quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar 	0
gifted artists 	1
forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	0
sacrificing the integrity of the opera 	0
ultimately very satisfying 	1
about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher 	1
of sharp writing 	1
a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front 	1
mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis 	0
is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight 	0
the soullessness 	0
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) 	1
real stars 	1
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her . 	1
carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders 	1
as obvious as telling a country skunk 	0
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm 	0
have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination 	0
gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic 	0
, i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one . 	0
stimulating and demanding 	1
bright and 	1
a good surprise ending 	1
a strong first act 	1
it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance 	1
and it 's what makes their project so interesting 	1
one oscar nomination 	1
but they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail . 	0
the atmosphere of the crime expertly 	1
most poorly staged and 	0
and unrelentingly exploitative 	0
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel . 	0
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild 	1
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects . 	0
nicely 	1
like a book report 	0
slog 	0
so intimate and sensual and funny 	1
significantly different ( and better ) 	1
shrill , simple and soapy . 	1
real star 	1
dead 	0
an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame 	1
, discontent , and yearning 	0
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so 	1
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... 	1
small gem 	1
despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz 	0
... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers . 	1
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay 	0
many conclusive answers in the film 	1
comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . 	0
it 's stylishly directed with verve ... 	1
is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style . 	0
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- 	0
have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time . 	0
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject . 	1
sustain interest 	1
auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . 	0
the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis . 	1
is a movie that understands characters must come first 	1
a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie . 	0
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to 	1
creepiest conventions 	0
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting 	1
it does n't work . 	0
a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation 	0
both sides of this emotional car-wreck 	0
is emerging in world cinema 	1
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts 	0
for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian . 	0
stupid and 	0
to the point of nausea 	0
should stick to his day job 	0
not that funny 	0
as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix 	0
, well , 	1
diva 	1
represents an engaging and intimate first feature 	1
delicately crafted film 	1
an uplifting , near-masterpiece 	1
mordantly funny 	1
a well-crafted film 	1
anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year 	1
whip-smart 	1
seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . 	0
characteristically engorged and sloppy 	0
jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience 	0
raunch 	0
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well . 	1
the finished product 's unshapely look 	0
to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time 	1
entertains 	1
cruelly funny 	1
chore 	0
lobotomy 	0
the dream world of teen life 	1
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . 	0
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , 	0
truly excellent sequences 	1
it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain 	1
a bad day 	0
without any redeeming value whatsoever 	0
of describing badness 	0
there 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent 	1
funniness 	1
in your heart 	1
letting you share her one-room world for a while 	1
deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant . 	1
` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore 	0
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them 	0
exercise in formula crash-and-bash action 	0
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , 	0
toilet 	0
, sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . 	1
standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth 	0
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert 	1
tendentious 	0
to be cherished 	1
despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema 	1
second , what 's with all the shooting ? 	0
unimpeachable 	0
stitched together from stock situations and characters 	0
's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long . 	0
may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen 	1
perfect performance 	1
a james bond series for kids 	1
's got as potent a topic as ever here 	1
would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes 	0
satisfyingly 	1
that it does afford 	1
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film 	0
turbulent self-discovery 	1
trotting out threadbare standbys 	0
does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation 	1
lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies 	0
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it 	1
but also intriguing and honorable , 	1
really need a remake of `` charade 	1
in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard 	0
's much to recommend the film 	1
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale . 	0
as inept 	0
unassuming , subordinate 	0
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity . 	1
an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 	1
hossein 	1
beautifully shot 	1
is wonderful 	1
sentimental ooze 	0
primitive animated special effects 	0
no explanation or even 	0
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor 	1
as the mediterranean sparkles 	1
with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises 	0
truly wonderful 	1
strong-minded 	1
into some univac-like script machine 	0
cold 	0
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially 	1
feel good 	1
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- 	1
only pain 	0
somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard 	1
after a while , hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial . 	0
insulting 	0
a temporal inquiry 	1
how tedious 	0
a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . 	0
sufficient 	1
adrenaline boost 	1
is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	1
of happy 	1
the great minds of our times 	1
mr. polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival . 	1
gives a superb performance 	1
deny its seriousness and quality 	0
cold-hearted curmudgeon 	0
feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope 	0
: land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . 	1
heartwarming 	1
the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze . 	1
like the hanks character , he 's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed . 	0
is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph . 	1
watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy . 	1
a particularly nightmarish fairytale 	0
something more beautiful than either of those films 	1
taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ) 	0
moving and stark reminder 	1
do n't really care too much about this love story . 	0
comedy and melodrama 	1
by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy 	1
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting 	1
miscalculates badly 	0
is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness 	1
numbing experience 	0
he respects the material without sentimentalizing it 	1
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary . 	1
of no erotic or sensuous charge 	0
throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , 	0
of shape 	1
is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes 	1
many flaws 	0
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : 	0
young romantics 	1
is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit 	0
ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 	1
by a set of heartfelt performances 	1
insurance 	1
striking villains 	1
does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject . 	0
much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes . 	1
better 	1
it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . 	0
, you 're in luck . 	1
full of cheesy dialogue 	0
can usually be traced back to the little things 	1
as clever 	1
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor 	1
between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking 	1
the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . 	0
it 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . 	1
is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst . 	0
an almost constant mindset of suspense 	1
are so old-fashioned 	0
of admission for the ridicule factor 	0
skillfully 	1
flaws , but also 	0
that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling 	1
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart . 	0
there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 	0
the secret 's eventual discovery 	1
easier to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films 	0
gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things . 	1
holds promise , 	1
comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . 	0
unwieldy cast 	0
the horror fan 	1
ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour 	1
is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker 	1
a hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped . 	0
to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon 	0
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype 	0
career-defining revelation 	1
with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary 	1
a british cast 	1
the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time 	1
just so the documentary will be over 	0
enjoyable choice 	1
required genuine acting from ms. spears 	1
knows how to make our imagination wonder . 	1
cold , sterile and lacking 	0
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . 	0
congrats disney on a job well done 	1
take you places you have n't been , and also places you have 	1
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 	0
the film above anything sandler 	1
proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent 	0
pale imitation 	0
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards . 	1
cheapening it 	0
it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head 	0
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally . 	0
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome 	0
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling 	1
uniquely sensual 	1
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence . 	0
of all those famous moments 	1
the rollicking dark humor so necessary 	1
does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting . 	0
the characters are paper thin and 	0
slapping its target audience in the face 	0
nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it 	1
clever ideas and 	1
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again 	1
gripping drama . 	1
a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character 	1
an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 	0
, you 'll cheer . 	1
a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point 	1
a cheap thriller 	0
a sensitive , moving 	1
penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship . 	0
the logic 	1
worth catching 	1
's not like having a real film of nijinsky 	0
an oddly winning portrayal of one 	1
just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception 	1
a stale , overused cocktail 	0
who might enjoy this 	1
romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy 	1
his wife look so bad in a major movie 	0
that pollyana would reach for a barf bag 	0
with their fathers 	1
a huge disappointment coming , 	0
ruined by amateurish writing and acting 	0
there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose . 	0
an insane comic undertaking 	1
about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it 	1
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . 	0
fast and funny 	1
unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs 	1
likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy . 	0
the surprisingly shoddy makeup work 	0
this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 	0
one of the worst films of the summer 	0
it 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie . 	1
is masterful 	1
has little wit and no surprises . 	0
sublimely lofty 	1
'' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . '' 	0
( and educational ) 	1
20 years apart 	1
rates as an exceptional thriller . 	1
`` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme . 	1
and it is n't that funny . 	0
it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies 	0
( a ) soulless 	0
, i 'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by . 	0
offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame 	1
is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time . 	0
that clever angle 	1
a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic 	1
star 	1
an affectionate 	1
for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway 	0
you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on 	0
nothing in it to engage children emotionally 	0
than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises 	0
, so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 	1
is nicely shot , well-edited 	1
discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman 	1
fret 	0
fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire 	1
as decent drama/action flick 	1
with impressive results 	1
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze . 	1
as naturally charming as it needs to be 	1
is dazzling 	1
ultimate 	1
touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon 	0
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny 	1
piano 	1
have a whale of a good time . 	1
quickly wears out its limited welcome 	0
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel 	0
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently 	0
mixed-up films 	0
that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 	0
implicitly 	1
exciting and well-paced . 	1
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 	1
quietly moving 	1
succeeds in entertaining 	1
my eyelids ... getting 	0
you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch 	0
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 	1
rejected 	0
is painterly 	1
's a very tasteful rock and roll movie 	1
squirming in their seats 	1
well done 	1
on its own , it 's not very interesting . 	0
is a horrible movie -- 	0
i could not stand them 	0
ver wiel 's 	1
the ` ick ' 	0
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , 	1
leaves you giddy 	1
talent 	1
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 	0
about tattoos 	1
there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally 	0
care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 	0
in 1958 brooklyn 	1
of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of 	0
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- 	1
a consummate actor 	1
bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** 	0
's superficial and unrealized 	0
intimate and socially encompassing 	1
banged their brains 	0
are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief 	1
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun . 	1
to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up 	0
of surprises 	1
, dramatically satisfying heroine 	1
ghetto 	0
the gags are puerile . 	0
a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s 	0
delight 	1
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours . 	0
hopkins/rock collision 	0
this is n't worth sitting through 	0
why human beings long for what they do n't have 	1
strangely impersonal and abstract 	0
a video helmer 	1
happens that tells you there is no sense 	0
might not seem like the proper cup of tea 	0
the movie is certainly easy to watch . 	1
try to surprise us with plot twists 	1
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs 	1
skip 	0
crudup 's anchoring performance 	1
a rehash 	0
to a biting satire that has no teeth 	0
comes out looking like something wholly original 	1
unremittingly ugly 	0
beautifully crafted 	1
enjoys 	1
every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm 	0
that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker 	1
decidedly unoriginal 	0
the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' 	0
hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone 	0
a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt . 	0
's mostly a pleasure to watch . 	1
his greatest triumph 	1
how much they engage and even touch us 	1
this strenuously unconventional movie 	0
the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) 	1
a frustrating ` tweener ' 	0
as important as humor 	1
enthrall 	1
, though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 	1
very very strong `` b + 	1
dramatized 	1
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate 	1
under the skin of her characters 	1
fresh view 	1
the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 	0
'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie . 	0
right ways 	1
is competent 	1
with no aspirations 	0
operatic 	1
tender hug 	1
beautiful stars 	1
unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two 	0
another shameless attempt 	0
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement european pickup . 	0
over-blown 	0
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and 	0
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much 	0
maudlin ending 	0
be like trying to eat brussels sprouts 	0
it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness 	1
` ke burstein 	1
well made 	1
succeeds through sincerity 	1
warmth and humor 	1
failed jokes , twitchy acting , 	0
the most complex , generous and subversive artworks 	1
an ungainly movie 	0
sadistic bike flick 	0
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and 	0
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set 	0
built for controversy . 	0
in a sick , twisted sort of way 	0
great combination act 	1
is duly impressive in imax dimensions , 	1
with cloying messages and irksome characters 	0
pleasing way 	1
all awkward 	0
has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past . 	0
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd 	0
star script 	1
terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life . 	1
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original 	0
's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before 	0
, hard-hitting documentary . 	1
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess . 	0
ingenious and often 	1
merely pretentious -- 	0
has a pleasing way with a metaphor . 	1
went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood 	1
ladles on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza 	1
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism . 	1
delightful stimulus 	1
which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) 	0
humor wry 	1
with a tone as variable as the cinematography 	1
these women are spectacular 	1
co-stars 	1
to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny 	0
intricate , intimate and intelligent journey 	1
lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair 	0
modest , straight-ahead standards 	1
in modern alienation 	0
a sense of childhood imagination 	1
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama 	1
tear-stained 	0
falling 	1
innocent and 	1
with weak dialogue and biopic 	0
her welcome in her most charmless performance 	0
one terrific story with lots of laughs 	1
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters 	1
looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad 	0
more grueling and 	0
that 's neither original nor terribly funny 	0
transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories . 	1
give a backbone to the company 	1
the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . 	0
superior '' 	1
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece 	0
old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale 	1
its rather slow beginning 	0
serious and thoughtful . 	1
is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces 	1
but here 's a movie about it anyway . 	0
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , 	1
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited . 	1
were made for the palm screen 	0
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but 	0
sits in the place where a masterpiece should be 	1
enough vices to merit its 103-minute length 	1
a really solid woody allen film 	1
leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies 	0
always looks good 	1
preposterousness 	0
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . 	0
out of character and logically porous action set 	0
low-budget and tired 	0
muddled drama 	0
's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 	0
unusually tame 	0
markedly inactive 	0
that keeps you guessing at almost every turn 	1
the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts 	1
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast . 	0
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater . 	1
this forgettable effort 	0
to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure 	0
weaver and lapaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk . 	1
about the plight of american indians in modern america 	1
historically significant 	1
wrong on both counts 	0
noble failure . 	0
overused 	0
a bland animated sequel that 	0
no sense of pride or shame 	0
insultingly unbelievable final act 	0
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects . 	1
paint-by-numbers picture 	0
of pure misogynist evil 	0
the production is suitably elegant 	1
that frenetic spectacle ( on the tv show ) 	0
huge action sequence 	1
is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious 	0
the hardy spirit 	1
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 . 	1
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan 	1
the broiling sun 	0
inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo 	0
for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 	1
, the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 	0
sloppy slapstick 	0
he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 	1
adventure story and history lesson 	1
happens to be good 	1
too full 	0
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries 	0
well-crafted psychological study 	1
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . 	1
virtually impossible 	0
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects . 	0
stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness 	0
be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting 	1
painfully forced , 	0
offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us . 	1
might turn on many people to opera , in general 	1
exit sign 	0
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke 	1
matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus 	0
does n't match his ambition 	0
remain curious about each other against all odds 	1
schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie 	0
all the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling . 	0
fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer 	0
in luck 	1
soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 	1
the story is bogus 	0
if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play 	1
a deftly entertaining film 	1
charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero . 	1
such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care 	0
the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still 	0
for kids or their parents 	1
has plenty of laughs . 	1
enjoyably over-the-top 	1
... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels . 	1
occasionally inspired dialogue bits 	1
, the movie is a disaster . 	0
remarkable and memorable 	1
spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics . 	1
everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for 	1
quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite 	1
is a nonstop hoot 	1
a marvelous performance by allison lohman 	1
pleasant enough -- and 	1
's an ambitious film 	1
goes downhill 	0
returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures 	0
bright 	1
a bad rock concert 	0
, overmanipulative hollywood practices 	0
it 's potentially just as rewarding 	1
tragic deaths 	0
that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 	1
that fails on so many levels 	0
audience-pleaser 	1
a sappy , preachy one at that 	0
this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings 	0
we 've seen it all before in one form or another 	0
it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes 	0
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all 	1
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or 	1
influence 	1
reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events 	1
excellent latin actors of all ages 	1
alas , getting there is not even half the interest . 	0
have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament 	1
its most glaring 	0
might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 	0
kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation . 	1
are well worth revisiting as many times as possible 	1
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it . 	0
the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage . 	0
would not likely be so stupid as to get 	0
engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often 	1
comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them 	1
's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise 	1
( jeff 's ) gorgeous , 	1
that holds up well after two decades 	1
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably 	0
with maggots crawling on a dead dog 	0
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- 	0
a powerful look 	1
strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . 	1
classic text 	1
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy 	0
female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 	1
just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play 	1
so-called ` comedy ' 	0
has done his homework and 	1
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 	0
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show . 	1
for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish 	1
i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . 	1
a plot that 's just too boring and obvious 	0
tortured husband 	0
is its personable , amusing cast 	1
, it finds a nice rhythm . 	1
smart , not cloying 	1
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty . 	1
an earnest , roughshod document 	1
imaginative filmmaking 	1
the film 's hero is a bore and 	0
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work . 	0
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor . 	1
an acidic all-male all about eve 	0
totally past his prime 	0
the recording sessions are intriguing , and 	1
dream of 	1
should not be missed . 	1
of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters 	1
a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 	1
'll love it 	1
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special 	0
said , except : film overboard ! 	0
cagney 's ` top of the world ' 	1
succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	0
the knee-jerk misogyny 	0
as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe 	0
, and room noise 	1
the poor acting 	0
dehumanizing and ego-destroying 	0
does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door 	0
of good actors 	1
of lurid melodrama 	0
, honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama 	1
nails hard 	1
the characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 	0
, prepackaged julia roberts wannabe 	0
occasionally horrifying but often inspiring 	1
hates its characters 	0
to be a wacky , screwball comedy 	1
genres that just does n't work 	0
sick 	0
a tired , talky feel 	0
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew . 	0
moving and vibrant . 	1
should have stayed there 	0
should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only 	0
more entertaining , 	1
chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it 	0
a positive impression 	1
eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss 	1
is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 	0
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work 	1
too little 	0
tough pill to swallow 	0
a clear-eyed chronicle 	1
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle 	0
is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything 	1
's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective . 	1
returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . 	1
the soulful gravity 	1
lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history . 	1
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . 	0
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation 	1
surprisingly decent flick 	1
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner 	1
rigid 	0
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling . 	0
fresh , sometimes funny , and 	1
sheridan seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony . 	0
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body 	1
that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever 	1
a real winner 	1
head-turner 	1
is just as boring and as obvious 	0
to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff 	0
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer 	1
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't . 	0
this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen 	1
its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers 	0
a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices . 	1
wanting to abandon the theater 	0
bring to imax 	1
to recovering from its demented premise 	0
littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed 	0
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation . 	1
director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard 	1
`` wild ride '' 	1
this fascinating portrait 	1
emotionally distant piece 	0
is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet . 	0
right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	1
fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently 	1
film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly 	0
empire '' lacks in depth 	0
i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . 	0
soft-porn 'em powerment 	1
blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . 	1
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible 	0
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made 	0
to lift the spirits of the whole family 	1
stiletto-stomps the life out 	0
exactly wrong 	0
, passion , and genius 	1
you wrong on both counts 	0
might as well be watching it through a telescope 	0
rhapsodic 	1
schlocky horror/action hybrid 	0
right actors 	1
the murder 	0
delicately calibrated in tone 	1
tiresome cliché 	0
passive-aggressive 	0
sophisticated performance 	1
needs more impressionistic 	0
dramatic punch 	1
a first-rate cast 	1
riveting memories 	1
did n't smile 	0
kidman has become one of our best actors 	1
trite and overused 	0
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition 	1
her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks . 	1
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 	0
in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense 	1
you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing 	1
to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering 	0
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip . 	0
will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear 	1
mostly leaves him shooting blanks 	0
i do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ? 	0
graceful , moving 	1
it 's not just a feel-good movie 	1
belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) 	1
's a compelling and horrifying story 	1
maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine 	0
suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme 	0
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 	1
highly uneven and inconsistent ... 	0
live the mood 	1
could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower 	0
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism . 	1
`` empire '' lacks in depth 	0
creates an impeccable sense of place 	1
of strung-together moments 	0
genuinely enthusiastic 	1
awe-inspiring visual poetry 	1
a very talented but underutilized supporting cast 	1
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks 	0
at hostile odds with one another 	0
, all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 	0
are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster 	1
captured 	1
gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge ' 	1
if you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 	1
of the flesh 	1
is precious little of either . 	0
rings false . 	0
are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 	0
lame and 	0
sentimental journey 	1
every faltering half-step of its development 	0
fighting hard for something that really matters 	1
be impressed by this tired retread 	0
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community 	1
early laughs 	1
though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish . 	0
calm and thoughtful 	1
demented in a good way 	1
witty , 	1
, `` they 're out there ! '' 	1
war 	0
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . 	0
comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? 	0
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives . 	0
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself . 	0
runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes 	1
of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life 	0
long-suffering 	0
so many talented people 	1
inventive 	1
whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball 	0
would know what to make of this italian freakshow . 	0
politically audacious 	1
makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent 	1
blemishes 	0
the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string . 	1
right into the center of that world 	1
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures . 	0
was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances 	1
a feel-good fantasy 	1
those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . 	0
authenticate her british persona 	1
becomes a sermon for most of its running time 	0
you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you 	1
dips key moments 	0
one well-timed explosion in a movie 	1
distracted rhythms 	0
may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy . 	1
finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee 	1
no character 	0
essentially juiceless 	0
tired one 	0
his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him 	0
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes 	0
in its chicken heart 	0
mean things 	0
the talented cast 	1
is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies 	0
it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 	1
is entirely too straight-faced 	0
striking character traits 	1
the gifted korean american stand-up 	1
good , achingly human 	1
does hold up pretty well . 	1
, like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar . 	1
is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause . 	1
mired in a shabby script 	0
unblinkingly pure as 	1
is credible and remarkably mature . 	1
could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking . 	1
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage . 	0
believability 	1
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community . 	1
a little too much resonance with real world events 	0
choppy , overlong documentary about ` the lifestyle . ' 	0
have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 	0
few gut-busting laughs 	1
sweet and modest 	1
wanted to leave . 	0
restrained and subtle 	1
be intolerable company 	0
about the best thing you could say about narc 	0
excellent sequel . 	1
a cultural wildcard experience 	1
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve . 	0
, few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . 	0
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture 	1
bravado 	1
scenery , vibe and all 	1
get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins 	0
offer audiences 	1
that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i 	1
of clever ideas and visual gags 	1
an underdone potato 	0
, and beautifully shot 	1
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' 	0
his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form 	1
a real howler 	1
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic . 	1
well together 	1
to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing 	1
nothing to gain from watching they 	0
to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires 	1
document both sides of this emotional car-wreck 	0
a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone 	1
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . 	1
even if the ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 	1
there 's no fizz 	0
your favorite pet get buried alive 	0
old-fashioned values 	1
it 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage . 	1
get you down 	0
was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great 	0
the ring never lets you off the hook . 	1
overweight and out 	0
looking for something new 	0
shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and 	1
subzero 	0
its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 	1
absolutely refreshed 	1
wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson 	0
endure instead of enjoy 	0
teen-sleaze 	0
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop 	1
succeed in alienating most viewers 	0
a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture 	1
a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made . 	0
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever . 	1
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable . 	0
as happy listening to movies 	1
that 's the mark of a documentary that works 	1
troubling and 	0
disgusting 	0
that it is n't very good 	0
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them . 	0
that just seem like a bad idea from frame one 	0
have a good time with this one too 	1
finds itself in reduced circumstances 	0
to light 	1
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions 	1
the ensemble cast 	1
a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness 	0
friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , 	0
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects 	1
's just that it 's so not-at-all-good 	0
by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing 	0
fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special 	0
with indoctrinated prejudice 	0
well wrought 	1
wanting more answers as the credits 	0
funny little movie 	1
the limited chemistry 	0
has a brain 	1
ultra-violent gangster wannabe 	0
plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy . 	1
watch the movie 	1
it 's inauthentic at its core 	0
bad writing 	0
proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages . 	1
reflect 	1
freshness 	1
polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions 	1
you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 	1
laugh-free lecture 	0
thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about 	0
meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import 	0
of ` let 's get this thing over with 	0
mind ugly 	0
in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way 	1
profundity 	1
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given . 	1
i.e. , a banal spiritual quest 	0
a neat trick 	1
that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy 	0
wears its empowerment on its sleeve 	1
have made for better drama 	0
wow factors 	1
cheap 	0
a thinking man 's monster movie 	1
a moratorium , effective immediately , 	0
concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt 	0
boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery 	1
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , 	1
thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy 	1
that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 	0
bad romances 	0
leigh makes these lives count . 	1
his impressions of life and loss and 	1
as good , 	1
is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves . 	0
in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances 	1
a feel-good movie can still show real heart 	1
like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . 	0
until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching 	1
in his right mind 	1
the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i 	0
are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun 	0
appealingly 	1
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . 	1
heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv 	1
is forgettable 	0
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it . 	1
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil 	0
is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	0
uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor 	1
originality in ` life ' 	1
if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head 	0
look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd . 	1
we a sick society 	0
well-written 	1
entertain 	1
it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images . 	1
this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon 	1
be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) 	0
practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor 	1
the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another . 	0
kicks into gear 	1
begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s 	0
were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned 	0
not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department 	1
danish cows 	1
, but also intriguing and honorable , 	1
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 	0
entirely suspenseful , extremely 	1
is solid , satisfying fare for adults . 	1
the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality 	1
its magic 	1
beautifully edited 	1
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula . 	1
as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films 	1
new kind 	1
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , 	0
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent 	0
grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 	0
pleasures 	1
is never clear 	0
co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard 	1
a huge box-office 	1
good and different 	1
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care . 	0
polished , well-structured film 	1
there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction 	0
ecstasy 	1
the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers . 	1
is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love 	1
the brilliant performances by testud 	1
nonsensical story 	0
's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . 	0
's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins . 	0
because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue 	0
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . 	0
and pretentious endeavor 	0
a personal low 	0
god help us 	0
face arrest 15 years after their crime 	0
i still want my money back . 	0
and more entertaining , too 	1
is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 	0
never fails to fascinate . 	1
all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . 	0
inventive cinematic tricks and 	1
the film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal . 	0
suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers . 	0
that pours into every frame 	1
cultural satire 	1
enveloping affection 	1
's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? '' 	0
this is n't exactly profound cinema , 	0
puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible 	1
that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice 	0
the mess 	0
's mildly sentimental 	1
is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start . 	1
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards 	1
uniquely itself 	1
narrative banality 	0
uncommonly ambitious 	1
just does n't figure in the present hollywood program . 	0
sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent 	0
is n't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? 	0
you 'll have a good time with this one too 	1
i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 	0
of such a well loved classic 	1
created a substantive movie 	1
( i ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop is n't as funny as it should be 	0
, beautifully produced film 	1
is n't very funny 	0
solid acting and a neat premise 	1
putrid it is not worth 	0
immature and unappealing to care about 	0
to be bad 	0
ballsy 	1
, astonish and entertain 	1
the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen . 	1
very much like life 	1
in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . ' 	0
hollywood ending just is n't very funny . 	0
a corny examination 	0
ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities 	0
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars 	1
that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history 	0
emotional blandness 	0
a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate 	1
an intimate feeling , 	1
an honored screen veteran 	1
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat 	1
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . 	0
does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience 	1
frustrated and detached 	0
a sweet-tempered comedy 	1
a fine documentary 	1
jacquot preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera . 	1
arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone 	0
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , 	1
intricately structured and well-realized drama 	1
so impersonal or 	0
proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . 	1
might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about 	0
is clearly a good thing . 	1
thrill you , touch you and make you 	1
written so well , 	1
undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 	0
i found myself howling more than cringing 	1
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes . 	0
the best he 's been in years 	1
speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand 	1
the overall fabric is hypnotic , 	1
complete moron 	0
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet . 	0
great deal 	1
it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny 	1
smile 	1
the movie is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot . 	0
'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for 	1
his characters are acting horribly 	0
is oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that 	0
naturalistic 	1
larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller 	1
, tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . 	1
gives us a reason to care about them 	1
savor the story 	1
a preposterous , prurient whodunit . 	0
cheapened 	0
vulgarity , sex scenes , and 	0
winter landscapes 	1
eat up 	1
shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them 	1
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , 	1
would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture 	0
psychologically savvy . 	1
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it 	1
after an uncertain start 	0
no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle 	0
dramatic impact 	1
the film is way too full of itself 	0
however entertainingly presented , 	1
illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box 	1
poignant and funny . 	1
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- 	0
-- and disposable story 	0
... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off . 	0
the funniest moments 	1
impeccable sense 	1
a pleasing verisimilitude 	1
be quirky and funny 	1
by ryan gosling 	1
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years . 	1
the stale material 	0
can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change 	1
that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination 	1
a powerful and telling story that examines 	1
it 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible . 	1
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . 	1
's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument , 	1
enhanced 	1
best possible ways 	1
entirely improvised 	0
make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one 	0
wretched 	0
in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters 	0
ame and unnecessary 	0
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and 	0
for the perspective it offers 	1
even less surprises 	0
compelling historical tale 	1
venturesome 	1
it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 	1
in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad 	0
unfocused screenplay 	0
for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 	0
rollerball left us cold 	0
vibrant , and intelligent 	1
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy . 	1
so sloppy , 	0
wall-to-wall good time 	1
's just brilliant in this 	1
, ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ... 	1
his strongest performance since the doors 	1
most refreshing about real women have curves 	1
an unsettling sight 	0
where nothing 's happening 	0
stultifyingly obvious 	0
's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy 	1
raucously amusing 	1
marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today 	1
seems manufactured to me and artificial 	0
is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil 	0
as sexy 	1
dreary mess 	0
fun , curiously adolescent movie 	1
it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . 	1
your pooper-scoopers 	0
... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . ' 	0
while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players 	1
comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness 	0
the plight 	0
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , 	1
addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat 	1
most pitiful directing 	0
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue 	0
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian 	1
despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development 	0
it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities 	1
: it 's not scary in the slightest . 	0
what 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller 	1
is both gripping and compelling 	1
that 's right 	1
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star . 	0
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world 	1
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 	1
leaving you with some laughs and a smile 	1
timeless and unique perspective 	1
it is very difficult to care about the character 	0
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action . 	0
that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment 	0
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . 	1
to a small star with big heart 	1
seen in that light 	1
shrewd enough 	0
less compelling than the circumstances of its making 	0
dramatic nor 	0
into the modern rut of narrative banality 	0
string 	1
more holes 	0
is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb . 	0
the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing 	0
'd need a shower 	0
new star wars movie 	1
be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images 	1
fairly enjoyable mixture 	1
nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . 	0
exhilarating 	1
opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog 	0
a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni 	0
turn on many people 	1
too bad to be good and 	0
be a talky bore 	0
with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks 	0
celebrates 	1
's not a bad premise , just a bad movie 	0
a sweet little girl 	1
the awe 	1
proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 	1
it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems 	1
the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 	1
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists 	1
funnier version of the old police academy flicks 	1
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way . 	0
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then 	1
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . 	0
overrides 	0
of disconnection 	0
the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks 	0
is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it 	0
are served with a hack script . 	0
, sweet , and intermittently hilarious 	1
's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism 	1
that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis 	1
satisfying crime drama 	1
as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter 	0
refreshing and comical 	1
more watchable 	1
low , very low 	0
the script 's flaws 	0
take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going 	0
twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch 	0
the empty stud knockabout 	0
a low-budget hybrid 	0
a hilarious ode 	1
you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you 	1
an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama . 	1
bad animation 	0
fresh or enjoyable 	1
excruciating demonstration 	0
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written 	1
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , 	0
keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes 	1
excitement 	1
part biography , part entertainment and 	1
high-wattage brainpower 	1
are ... impeccable throughout 	1
surprisingly idealistic 	1
is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 	1
honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher 	1
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 	0
do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation 	0
its courageousness , and comedic employment 	1
turgid fable 	0
take on the soullessness of work 	1
` dumb 	0
michael moore 's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` are we a sick society ? ' 	1
tepid genre offering 	0
its mean-spirited second half 	0
no better or worse than ` truth or consequences , n.m. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia 	0
is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction . 	0
there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back 	0
apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice . 	0
the film is one of the year 's best . 	1
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence . 	0
when you doze off thirty minutes into the film 	0
astonishingly condescending 	0
screwing 	0
is merited 	1
experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 	0
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative . 	1
preachy-keen 	1
intriguing twist 	1
's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free 	1
damned 	0
the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman 	0
a superlative b movie 	1
would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film 	0
's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film . 	1
too many flashbacks 	0
for laughs and not the last time 	1
single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department 	1
if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous 	0
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , 	1
completely awful iranian drama 	0
real 	1
drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing 	1
leguizamo 's best movie work 	1
eager to please 	1
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . 	1
a winning piece 	1
the historical , philosophical 	1
a much larger historical context 	1
no quarter to anyone 	0
film that loses sight of its own story . 	0
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience 	1
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown . 	1
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and 	0
might enjoy this 	1
funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful 	1
's no energy . 	0
utterly incompetent 	0
the gabbiest giant-screen movie 	0
bloodbath 	0
incoherence and redundancy 	0
from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron 	1
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings . 	1
gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo 	1
your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes 	1
a funny moment or two 	1
great one 	1
rock and stolid anthony hopkins 	1
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites . 	0
an exceptionally 	1
it is formula filmmaking 	0
both ugly and mindless 	0
that interest attal and gainsbourg 	1
patriotic 	1
in their cheap , b movie way 	0
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... 	1
were written by somebody else 	0
illuminating comedy 	1
a ravishing , baroque beauty 	1
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , 	1
does n't really know or care about the characters 	0
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth 	0
is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears . 	0
filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible . 	0
best and most exciting movies 	1
is a bowser . 	0
of discovery 	1
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere . 	1
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly 	0
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy . 	0
is both inspiring and pure joy . 	1
a liability 	0
atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 	0
will all but take you to outer space 	1
like such a bore 	0
the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously 	0
is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone 	1
aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness 	1
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky . 	1
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . 	1
not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy 	1
its just not a thrilling movie 	0
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay 	0
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and 	1
it 's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . 	0
a dysfunctional parent-child relationship 	0
a boring , pretentious waste 	0
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes 	0
make it look as though they are having so much fun 	1
one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen 	1
a very funny romantic comedy 	1
've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama 	0
feel genuinely good 	1
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout 	1
a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 . 	1
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it . 	1
, it 's exploitive without being insightful . 	0
with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers 	1
even lazier and far less enjoyable 	0
so insatiable 	1
a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points 	0
horrifying and oppressively tragic 	0
postcard perfect , 	1
to its proper home 	1
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time 	0
warm and fuzzy 	1
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . 	0
good ideas 	1
a strict reality 	1
, laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry . 	0
anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 	0
... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family . 	1
light ( yet unsentimental ) 	1
will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture 	1
a funny , triumphant , and 	1
that i usually dread encountering the most 	0
our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile 	0
, i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 	0
well worth revisiting as many times as possible 	1
shakespeare 's eloquent language 	1
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- 	0
too clumsy in key moments 	0
, this quirky soccer import is forgettable 	0
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films 	1
onto the end credits 	1
comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible . 	0
scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting . 	1
that it 's so not-at-all-good 	0
enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references 	1
only in making me groggy 	0
plenty to offend everyone 	0
dissing the film 	0
from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair 	1
disease 	0
to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and 	1
makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a 	1
for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense 	1
is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value 	0
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor . 	1
one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking . 	1
a blast 	1
quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles 	1
i suspect it might deliver again and again 	1
simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . 	1
is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy 	1
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination . 	0
be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace 	0
hear george orwell turning over 	0
may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie 	0
pedestrian , flat drama 	0
long bore . 	0
good alternative 	1
, genuine 	1
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication 	1
a cliché left 	0
it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen 	0
the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste 	0
draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them 	1
berling and béart ... continue to impress , and isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters 	1
the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation 	0
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay 	1
you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down 	1
brainless 	0
christmas spirit 	1
scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances 	1
it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless 	1
a movie-industry satire 	1
call this film a lump of coal 	0
, biting and witty feature 	1
inconsistent 	0
honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction . 	1
it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 	1
matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks . 	0
mamet 's airless cinematic shell games . 	1
aimless 	0
constant smiles and 	1
of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story 	0
the saccharine sentimentality 	0
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish . 	1
creative team 	1
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. 	1
put through torture 	0
growing strain 	1
of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 	1
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection 	1
terrific flair 	1
of bad animation and mindless violence 	0
the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive 	0
taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion 	0
will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning . 	0
when it 's this rich and luscious 	1
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . 	1
spiritual film taps 	1
to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 	0
is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow . 	1
lamer 	0
of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm 	1
atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad 	0
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks 	0
that is all the more remarkable because it 	1
a fudged opportunity 	0
this laughable dialogue 	1
go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 	0
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . 	0
our infantilized culture 	0
how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head 	1
a detailed historical document , 	1
flavors and emotions 	1
even the bull gets recycled . 	1
same sledgehammer appeal 	1
reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy 	0
displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard 	1
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew 	0
gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing 	0
carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated 	0
perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 	1
a cinematic corpse 	0
spectacularly 	1
this world more complex 	1
clueless 	0
may puzzle his most ardent fans . 	0
, the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 	1
exhaustingly 	0
that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge 	0
fail to crack a smile at 	0
sucks you 	1
grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 	0
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days . 	1
the sorriest and 	0
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord 	1
, finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee 	1
wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama 	0
of their first full flush of testosterone 	0
the strange horror of life 	0
winning comedy 	1
nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming 	1
by drawing me into the picture 	1
it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors . 	0
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches 	0
political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country 	0
starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés . 	0
aimless , arduous , and 	0
yet overflows with wisdom and emotion . 	1
is interested 	1
the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 	0
otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists 	1
inconsequential 	0
will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating 	1
gets molested 	0
masterfully controlled 	1
enriched 	1
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book . 	1
right 	1
manic 	0
they are having so much fun 	1
superb production values & christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot . 	1
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm . 	1
it 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after . 	0
it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject 	0
unlike trey parker , sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 	0
is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned . 	0
its audience giddy with the delight of discovery 	1
has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable . 	1
to make a big splash 	1
is that its own action is n't very effective 	0
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack 	1
do n't even bother to rent this on video 	0
, no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet . 	0
charming and 	1
a laugh 	1
... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done . 	1
a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 	1
momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable 	0
of b-movie excitement 	1
, powerful act 	1
its relaxed , 	1
is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often 	1
that came to define a generation 	1
smarter than your average bond 	1
look too deep into the story 	0
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is . 	0
a live-wire film that 	1
` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative . 	1
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , 	1
elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires 	1
's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships . 	1
the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 	1
felt trapped and with no obvious escape 	0
technical skill and rare depth 	1
of virtuosic set pieces 	1
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , 	1
a work of enthralling drama 	1
always brooding 	0
's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough . 	1
if you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you 	1
the wake of saving private ryan 	1
that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front 	1
a loquacious and dreary piece 	0
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	0
just fell apart 	0
it does n't leave you with much . 	0
takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	0
great monster/science fiction flicks 	1
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , 	1
gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching 	1
is a very good viewing alternative for young women 	1
better hip-hop clips 	1
a host of splendid performances 	1
being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances 	0
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling . 	0
that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 	1
del 	1
bogus spiritualism 	0
deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 	1
above the run-of-the-mill singles blender 	1
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy . 	1
phenomenal , especially 	1
predictable denouement 	0
quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout 	1
so badly 	0
all too clever complexity 	1
slightly naughty , just-above-average off 	1
carvey 's considerable talents 	1
wiser 	1
absurd finale 	0
are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach 	0
it does n't even seem like she tried . 	0
that was n't all that great to begin with 	0
notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress 	1
are clinically depressed 	0
a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications 	1
emotional evolution 	1
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , 	0
's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true . 	1
stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king . 	1
makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing 	0
a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman . 	1
, the production works more often than it does n't . 	1
direct-to-video ' release 	0
that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo 	1
being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project 	0
especially fine 	1
are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances . 	1
smoky and 	1
does justice 	1
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle 	1
acting like puppets 	0
memorable and resourceful performances 	1
the story has its redundancies , and 	0
do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some 	1
's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii 	1
a flat , plodding picture 	0
plight and isolation 	0
done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen 	1
will wind up as glum as mr. de niro 	0
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago 	1
a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' 	1
an unseemly pleasure 	1
who re-invents himself 	1
is brilliant 	1
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals 	1
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... 	0
much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives 	0
by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen 	0
a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still 	0
beautifully read and 	1
a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 	0
of romantic obsession 	1
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation 	1
of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph 	1
going to love the piano teacher 	1
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound 	0
talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark . 	0
spiked with raw urban humor 	1
is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects 	1
pleasingly upbeat 	1
sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest 	1
a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power 	1
its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 	0
endearing and well-lensed 	1
a deeply humanistic artist 	1
not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face 	1
soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 	1
visceral , nasty journey 	0
created a provocative , 	1
fontaine masterfully 	1
juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films 	1
is a clear case of preaching to the converted 	0
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself . 	0
it 's a big idea 	1
the shadows of motown 	1
pig 	0
soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard 	0
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time 	1
can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . 	1
would n't turn down a big bowl of that 	1
stimulating and 	1
it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek 	0
the special effects are ` german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes 	0
complicated characters 	1
smoothly 	1
to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them 	1
most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 	0
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance . 	0
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study 	1
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking 	1
as padded as allen 's jelly belly 	0
having so much fun 	1
with strangeness than excellence 	0
mumbo jumbo 	0
kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers 	1
seldom hammy 	1
his lack of faith in his audience 	0
behave like kids 	0
bravery and integrity 	1
slapstick 	1
makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow 	1
a native american 	1
twenty years later , e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone . 	1
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale 	0
the answers 	1
( t ) his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 	0
hooting 	0
appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up 	0
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say 	1
like a 10-course banquet 	1
it 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good . 	0
has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation 	0
darling 	1
colorful , semimusical 	1
finally revel in its splendor 	1
is simply tired 	0
touching and tender 	1
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust 	1
finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s 	1
the brave , uninhibited performances 	1
grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care 	0
've grown tired of going where no man has gone before 	0
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly 	1
skeptics 	0
is certainly worth seeing at least once 	1
totally disorientated 	0
motionless characters 	0
played and smartly 	1
by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over 	1
actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable . 	1
is stiff or just plain bad 	0
it 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but . 	1
i 've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama . 	0
's still damn funny stuff 	1
an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues 	1
you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film 	1
justifies 	1
the tortured husband 	0
the worst thing 	0
richly 	1
another cool crime movie 	1
a ruffle in what is already an erratic career 	0
mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless . 	1
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make . 	1
been a hoot in a bad-movie way 	0
inadvertent ones 	0
of crap 	0
it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain 	0
most plain , unimaginative 	0
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , 	1
love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 	1
a better vehicle 	1
it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies 	1
red dragon '' never cuts corners . 	1
like a typical bible killer story 	0
is technically sophisticated in the worst way 	0
the beast should definitely get top billing 	1
( and its palate ) 	0
the chatter of parrots raised on oprah 	0
... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind . 	1
its leaden acting , 	0
have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching . 	1
things fall apart 	0
choreographed 	1
again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone 	0
will leave you thinking 	1
sanctimonious , self-righteous 	0
enjoy the hot chick 	1
intense and engrossing 	1
, the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way . 	0
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour . 	0
'' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings 	1
encouraging thought 	1
highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda 	0
stock clichés 	0
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and 	1
are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense 	0
badly-rendered cgi effects 	0
the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 	0
that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma 	1
a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt 	1
will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face . 	1
eloquent ( meditation ) on death 	1
that deals with first love sweetly 	1
a 75-minute sample of puerile 	0
delight your senses and 	1
is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut . 	1
it 's also one of the smartest 	1
maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back 	0
the picture in some evocative shades 	1
humor , warmth 	1
astonishing ... 	1
i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . 	0
of cookie-cutter action scenes 	0
touching good sense 	1
a film of quiet power . 	1
some of the worst dialogue 	0
very valuable film 	1
offers some flashy twists 	1
a pressure cooker of horrified awe 	0
from the incongruous but chemically 	0
touched 	1
moments of hilarity to be had 	1
whatever complaints i might have , i 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time . 	1
, singing , and unforgettable characters 	1
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on the screen . 	0
it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion 	0
to bother pleasuring its audience 	0
much stranger than any fiction 	0
that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar 	0
to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies 	1
if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits 	0
make a gorgeous pair ... 	1
manipulative whitewash 	0
want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . 	1
create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 	1
rightly 	1
layered , well-developed characters 	1
into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill 	1
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring 	0
is slow to those of us in middle age 	0
features some decent performances 	1
gem 	1
one fantastic ( and educational ) documentary . 	1
idiotic court maneuvers 	0
( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , 	1
rushed , slapdash 	0
find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination 	1
add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale 	1
most intense psychological mysteries 	1
at all the wrong times 	0
princesses 	1
86 minutes too long 	0
truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 	0
shine 	1
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life . 	0
a captivating and intimate study 	1
what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians 	1
... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . 	0
more than its fair share of saucy hilarity . 	1
a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and 	1
allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title 	0
to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with 	1
never reach satisfying conclusions 	0
who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground 	1
which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	0
is that there is never any question of how things will turn out 	0
's plotless , shapeless 	0
hence , storytelling is far more appealing 	1
imagination and insight 	1
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue 	1
someone other than the director 	0
the formula feel fresh 	1
silly and 	0
the books are better 	0
the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . 	0
to the tailor for some major alterations 	0
a gawky actor 	0
than this hastily dubbed disaster 	0
clever 	1
with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism 	0
that writer and director burr steers knows the territory 	1
that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it 	0
have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances 	0
a truly wonderful tale 	1
goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy 	1
of diverse political perspectives 	1
be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama 	1
are infants 	0
recommend secretary , 	1
a quick-buck sequel 	0
gorgeous film 	1
we started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine . 	0
the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable . 	1
may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain 	1
a glossy rehash 	0
the best possible senses of both those words 	1
like crap 	0
intense 	1
scenic splendor 	1
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' 	1
the same easy targets 	0
's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame . 	0
that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes 	0
most intriguing movie experiences 	1
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's 	1
by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music 	1
desperation worthy 	0
find little new 	0
the subject matter is as adult as you can get 	1
has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and 	1
a sharper , cleaner script 	1
an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , 	1
's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions . 	0
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper . 	0
is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination 	1
the filmmakers could dredge up 	0
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed 	1
much to do , too little time to do it in 	0
bitter taste 	0
neglecting character development 	0
the one that i want 	1
ends with a whimper 	0
expanded vision 	1
passion , grief and fear 	0
is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another 	0
are very , very good reasons for certain movies 	1
contemptible 	0
a small movie with a big heart 	1
of the universal themes , earnest performances 	1
a life interestingly 	1
surprising , subtle 	1
is dudsville 	0
the same old bad trip 	0
suffers from a flat script and a low budget . 	0
seduce and 	1
time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . 	0
mere plot pawn 	0
so bland and utterly forgettable 	0
describe exactly how bad it is 	0
less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story 	0
strong and unforced supporting cast 	1
that this bold move works 	1
teeth-clenching gusto 	1
action scenes 	1
is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee . 	1
by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics 	0
meal 	1
make a huge action sequence 	1
combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched . 	1
vibrant and intoxicating 	1
she lets her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	0
helps little 	0
wo n't see the next six 	0
fresh , 	1
the power of the huston performance , 	1
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic 	0
articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy 	1
is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio . 	0
importance 	1
they never succeed in really rattling the viewer 	0
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that 	0
full well 	1
of unbridled greed and materalism 	0
an awkward hybrid 	0
with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars 	1
stand out 	1
priceless 	1
's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure . 	0
huge-screen 	1
looks 	1
of its sweeping battle scenes 	1
most hackneyed 	0
'' starts out like a typical bible killer story 	0
extended dialogue exercise 	0
a fiercely clever and subtle film 	1
played-out 	0
fiendishly 	0
confused in death to smoochy 	0
communicate the truth of the world 	1
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) 	1
a failure as straight drama 	0
one of the world 's most fascinating stories 	1
that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse 	0
that are n't so substantial or fresh 	0
think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 	0
romp of a film . 	1
is a deeply unpleasant experience 	0
sensitive ensemble performances 	1
delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama 	1
is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere 	0
does such a good job of it 	1
, alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 	1
an intense and engrossing head-trip 	1
has no affect on the kurds 	1
enjoyable level 	1
is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation . 	0
a hint 	1
a terrific performance 	1
fully engaged supporting cast 	1
is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones 	1
an unrewarding collar 	0
a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times 	1
strong , measured work 	1
badder than bad 	0
not 	0
a marginal thumbs up 	1
forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . 	0
symbolic 	1
snail-like 	0
it 's a bargain-basement european pickup . 	0
the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture 	1
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get . 	1
headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie 	1
, it 's contrived and predictable 	0
this is not a jackie chan movie . 	0
nothing new 	0
more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway 	1
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional . 	0
her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost . 	0
sinuously plotted 	0
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , 	1
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level . 	1
welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees 	1
truly , truly bad movie 	0
poignancy 	0
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , 	1
slim hopes and dreams 	0
sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness 	1
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . 	0
sundance festival 	1
makes it a party worth attending 	1
... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . 	1
glitz 	1
disappointingly generic nature 	0
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point 	1
the sparse instances of humor 	0
choppy , surface-effect feeling 	0
boxes these women 's souls right open for us . 	1
will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	0
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy 	0
the amazing spider-man 	1
car wreck 	0
all-enveloping movie experience 	1
of trashy , kinky fun 	1
engrossing entertainment 	1
animation enthusiasts 	1
pitifully 	0
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' 	1
snow white 	1
friends 	1
smile-button 	1
what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates . 	1
this crude , 	0
the franchise 's best years 	1
wilde 's wit and 	1
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . 	1
'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense 	1
his smooth , shrewd , powerful act 	1
the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires 	1
is repulsive and depressing . 	0
appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off 	0
kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth 	1
right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination 	0
would know what to make of this italian freakshow 	0
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures . 	1
is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation . 	0
lackadaisical plotting and mindless action 	0
a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen 	0
much ado about something is an amicable endeavor . 	1
uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . 	1
, this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 	1
victorious revolutionaries 	1
the cleverness , 	1
's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 	1
follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . 	0
hilariously , gloriously alive 	1
boxes these women 's souls right open for us 	1
hindered 	0
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy 	0
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but 	1
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience 	0
strangely sinister happy ending 	1
the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 	1
the dead horse of surprise 	0
wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion 	1
adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special 	1
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros . 	1
bitter pill 	0
enough innovation or pizazz 	1
edge or 	1
seldom hammy , 	1
arcane area 	0
should never forget 	1
elaborate choreography 	1
no psychology here , and no real narrative logic 	0
is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 	1
help increase an average student 's self-esteem 	1
in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 	0
shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable . 	0
wryly 	1
a ham-fisted sermon 	0
grand fart 	0
resolutely downbeat 	0
well-rounded 	1
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted 	0
for sick and demented humor simply 	0
his fake backdrops and stately pacing 	0
collectively stellar performance 	1
fully realized story 	1
overly original 	1
but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness . 	0
the intoxicating fumes and 	1
it 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . 	0
tragedy 	0
whether or not you buy mr. broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . 	1
turn down 	0
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and 	0
he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 	1
really special walk 	1
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music 	1
documentarian 	1
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , 	1
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show . 	0
trust an audience 's intelligence 	1
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but 	1
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier 	0
excites the imagination and 	1
is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects 	1
trying to laugh at how bad 	0
that is masterly 	1
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . 	1
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . 	1
's badder than bad 	0
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire . 	0
of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation 	1
all things we 've seen before 	0
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously 	0
overlong soap 	0
gorgeous , passionate 	1
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit 	1
it entertaining 	1
the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness 	1
falls down 	0
, old-fashioned-movie movie 	1
spiteful 	0
finely tuned 	1
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for 	0
trashy , kinky fun 	1
see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! 	0
it 's so not-at-all-good 	0
wicked black comedy 	1
star trek was kind of terrific once , 	1
translate well to the screen 	1
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 	0
allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 	1
poo . 	0
a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes 	0
yank 	1
visually smart 	1
evelyn comes from the heart . 	1
it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . 	1
is good , 	1
`` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff 	0
worth the concentration 	1
regards reign of fire with awe . 	1
futuristic women in skimpy clothes 	0
cheesy b-movie 	0
one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	1
what makes the film special 	1
the charms of the lead performances 	1
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully . 	1
waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense . 	0
a high note 	1
this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors . 	1
funny performers 	1
exuberance in all 	1
to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning 	1
into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going 	0
when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 	0
and suspenseful argentinian thriller 	1
light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- 	0
of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it 	0
transparently 	1
majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident . 	1
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph . 	1
it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject 	0
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures . 	0
have sprung from such a great one 	1
the most practiced curmudgeon 	1
( a ) painfully flat gross-out comedy ... 	0
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . 	1
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal . 	0
legally blonde and sweet home abomination 	0
are missing -- 	0
competent 	1
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships 	1
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma 	1
that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 	0
encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation 	0
a high-spirited buddy movie 	1
thoroughly enjoyable 	1
flat , plodding picture 	0
generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy 	0
one of the rarest kinds of films : 	1
` dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 	0
hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film 	0
good documentary 	1
that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits 	0
but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . 	1
creepy stories 	1
appealing character quirks 	1
its relaxed 	1
compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	1
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , 	0
ghetto 	0
there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it 	0
when ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . 	0
is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen 	1
replaced by romance-novel platitudes 	0
if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese 	0
wreckage 	0
maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . 	0
if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out 	1
i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . 	1
's a loathsome movie 	0
how the movie could be released in this condition 	0
in chilling style 	1
belongs on the big screen 	1
is unconvincing 	0
keep - 'em 	1
mourns 	0
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	0
'll still have a good time . '' 	1
strong and confident work 	1
this saga would be terrific to read about 	1
audience award 	1
, life-affirming moments 	1
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 	1
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds . 	1
, sad dance 	0
from blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge ' 	1
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register 	0
this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes . 	0
despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving . 	1
very welcome 	1
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , 	0
a droll , 	0
neglects to add the magic that made it all work 	0
squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 	0
making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 	1
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , 	1
( a ) devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama . 	1
accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 	0
some real vitality and even 	1
delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted 	0
me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters 	1
olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . 	1
is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem . 	1
catches the chaotic horror 	1
an action hero with table manners , 	1
tripe 	0
never 	0
why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers 	1
there 's no place for this story to go but down 	0
invented 	1
a funny and well-contructed black comedy 	1
swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros 	1
ordinary and obvious 	0
the dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true . 	1
makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film 	1
a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture 	1
drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst . 	1
loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - 	0
beautiful , timeless and universal tale 	1
at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life 	1
a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus 	1
entertainingly nasty 	1
seeing because it 's so bad 	0
is pure , exciting moviemaking 	1
waste their time 	0
arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact 	1
' appeared in 1938 	1
how very bad a motion picture can truly be 	0
love its fantasy and adventure 	1
is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art 	0
of kitsch hard going 	1
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme 	1
spider web . 	0
cold-fish 	0
violence overshadows everything 	0
among the best films of the year . 	1
your reward 	1
find it fascinating 	1
is pleasant , diverting and modest 	1
tired , predictable 	0
a desperate miscalculation 	0
expand a tv show 	1
lifting the pedestal higher 	1
is so fascinating 	1
pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences 	1
dopey dialogue 	0
a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 	1
through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling 	1
( an ) absorbing documentary . 	1
crude 	0
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters graced with its company . 	0
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year 	0
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . 	1
everything too safe 	0
the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing . 	1
, sexist 	0
so badly made on every level 	0
their way around this movie directionless 	0
every joke is repeated at least -- 	0
serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves 	0
as the novel on which it 's based 	1
get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture 	0
what bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch . 	1
smart jokes 	1
leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain 	1
turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach 	0
he has severe body odor 	0
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious 	1
enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright 	0
honoring 	1
i 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back . 	0
hoffman 's powerful acting clinic 	1
who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing 	1
a low , smoky and inviting sizzle 	1
take center screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side 	0
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ... hence , storytelling is far more appealing . 	1
its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale 	1
smutty 	0
in its characters ' frustrations 	0
you 'll cry for your money back . 	0
does n't do a load of good 	0
great scares and a good surprise ending 	1
men with guns 	0
funny and pithy 	1
ended so damned soon 	0
emerges a radiant character portrait 	1
the victims 	0
does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . 	1
unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises . 	1
a solid , spooky entertainment 	1
does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . ' 	1
does n't add anything fresh to the myth 	0
to a dumb story 	0
is wrong in its sequel . 	0
deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history . 	1
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet 	1
has moments of inspired humor 	1
color and depth , and 	1
just does n't cut it 	0
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it . 	1
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine . 	0
, spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . 	1
keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity . 	1
's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? 	0
is a mess from start to finish . 	0
forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable 	1
good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short 	0
that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 	0
jumps around with little logic or continuity 	0
, it 's an unhappy situation all around . 	0
ridiculous bolero 	0
distressingly 	0
extreme ops '' exceeds expectations . 	1
does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain 	1
typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing 	0
lingerie models and bar dancers 	0
full , irritating display 	0
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries 	1
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout . 	0
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense 	1
disgust 	0
, martin is a masterfully conducted work . 	1
beautiful movement and inside information 	1
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , 	1
some bad singer-turned actors 	0
a movie ever could be 	1
but it 's surprisingly harmless . 	1
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum 	0
grounded 	1
a light , fun cheese puff 	1
a feel-good movie 	1
are rolling over in their graves 	0
than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 	0
, even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 	0
those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it 	1
immersed in love , lust , and sin 	1
too violent and sordid to function as comedy 	0
for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation 	0
what saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . 	1
its own cuteness 	1
it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . 	1
trying to please his mom 	1
boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival 	1
that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory 	0
's never as solid as you want it to be 	0
aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives 	0
disjointed parody . 	0
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 've ever seen . 	0
`` freaky friday , '' it 's not . 	0
give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood 	0
such a worthless film 	0
very enjoyable 	1
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction 	0
, wonderful 	1
bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 	1
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , 	1
love and familial 	1
the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 	1
happened to good actors 	1
sparse but oddly compelling . 	1
maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling 	1
white-knuckled 	1
decent tv outing 	1
a numbingly dull experience 	0
surprisingly shoddy makeup work 	0
an engaging and exciting narrative 	1
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless . 	1
to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry 	1
one sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot . 	0
less psycho 	1
have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen 	1
attractive 	1
that stands a good chance of being the big 	1
for cryin ' 	1
wannabe film 	0
very well shot or 	1
all comedy is subversive , 	1
utterly static picture 	0
baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children . 	0
as sappy as big daddy 	0
like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- 	0
powerfully evocative 	1
a sweet , charming tale 	1
there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 	1
to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 	1
through crap like this 	0
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style . 	1
choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic 	0
'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama . 	1
you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set 	1
a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion 	1
crude humor and vulgar innuendo 	0
once playful and haunting 	1
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph 	1
in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him 	0
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ... 	0
universal human impulse 	1
the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers . 	1
has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier 	1
opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	0
, confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually 	1
's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 	0
is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor 	0
slightly humorous and tender story 	1
, fat , dumb 	0
, intermittently powerful study 	1
is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished . 	1
an actor this uncharismatically beautiful 	1
preposterous 	0
, starving and untalented 	0
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events 	0
take center screen 	1
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . 	1
a soulless jumble of ineptly 	0
jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging 	0
share it 	1
the historical period and 	1
abomination 	0
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture . 	1
a trifle flat 	0
it 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones 	1
of too much kid-vid 	0
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . 	0
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s . 	0
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . 	0
seeking christian-themed fun 	1
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture . 	0
lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded . 	1
stirs us 	1
almost never fails him 	1
exceptionally well-acted 	1
is just generally insulting 	0
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and 	1
an unforgettable 	1
heavy-handed 	0
no unifying rhythm or 	0
of the world 's greatest teacher 	1
, then you 're in for a painful ride . 	0
drug abuse , infidelity and 	0
moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp 	1
's not scary in the slightest 	0
a full-frontal attack on audience patience . 	0
lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy 	0
the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between 	0
the timeless spectacle 	1
has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong . 	0
bluster and cliché 	0
the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	0
graham greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world . 	1
powerful people 	1
heartening tale 	1
the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged 	0
a bonus feature 	1
the one-liners are snappy 	1
maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . 	0
be bored by as your abc 's 	0
weird 	0
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me 	0
bother to rent this on video 	0
toss it at the screen in frustration 	0
motivated 	1
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world . 	1
takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers 	1
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema 	1
, for that matter , shrek ) 	1
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening 	0
high-octane thriller 	1
a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers 	1
bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery 	1
that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 	1
viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike 	1
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi . 	0
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way 	1
returns to his son 's home 	1
, the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is . 	0
extravagantly 	1
so beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 	1
compelling look 	1
the film is well-crafted and this one is 	1
disappointment 	0
good chance 	1
steals so freely from other movies 	0
made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 	0
it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots 	0
into a typical romantic triangle 	0
one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema 	1
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . 	1
little melodramatic 	0
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony . 	0
is a children 's film in the truest sense . 	1
are often engaging 	1
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible 	0
dumbed-down version 	0
swedish 	1
that has nothing 	0
memorable and resourceful 	1
does n't generate a lot of energy 	0
thrilled 	1
by superb 	1
stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort 	1
a ghost story gone badly awry 	0
as unoriginal 	0
work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 	0
's no fizz 	0
one of the best rock documentaries ever . 	1
mined his personal horrors and 	0
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity . 	1
deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 	0
admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet 	1
a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't 	0
there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front . 	1
higher level 	1
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type 	0
grab your kids and run and then 	0
truly awful 	0
is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . 	1
is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid . 	0
night out 	1
's not half-bad . 	1
is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing 	0
catches you up in something bigger than yourself 	1
had no effect and 	0
brilliant surfing photography 	1
that proves you 	1
the most splendid 	1
is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying . 	1
that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun 	1
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising 	1
the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma 	0
's an entertaining and informative documentary 	1
-- and deeply appealing 	1
most personal 	1
although fairly involving as far as it goes 	1
awful acts 	0
narcotized 	0
threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny 	0
, the film is a good one 	1
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung . 	0
a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie 	1
an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ... 	1
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it 	0
a masterfully 	1
supplies with tremendous skill 	1
unusually crafty and intelligent 	1
perfect 	1
heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated 	0
of unsettling atmospherics 	0
so much fun 	1
like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama 	0
that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life 	1
the sentimental cliches 	0
prefer this new version 	1
, and to her inventive director 	1
educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 	1
us all 	1
's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers 	0
the cat 's meow 	1
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre 	1
b-movie imagination 	0
admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form . 	1
you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered 	0
borrows heavily 	0
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it 	0
in the book-on-tape market , the film of `` the kid stays in the picture '' would be an abridged edition 	0
instructive 	1
right at home in this french shocker 	1
one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , 	1
giving up 	0
leaves a positive impression 	1
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal 	0
of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts 	1
bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 	0
no business going 	1
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , 	1
a hazy high 	1
of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke 	1
mind crappy movies as much as adults 	0
their computer-animated faces are very expressive . 	1
to perform entertaining tricks 	1
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here . 	0
a provocative piece 	1
as good , if not 	1
a complete wash 	0
the actors make this worth a peek . 	1
has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes 	0
a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 	0
its own making 	1
sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 	0
politically potent 	1
it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . 	0
does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely 	1
delivers more goodies than lumps of coal 	1
emphasizes the well-wrought story and 	1
marked an emerging indian american cinema 	1
lacks 	0
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable . 	0
family , forgiveness and love 	1
labored 	0
touching , 	1
even through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling 	1
sucked dry the undead action flick formula 	0
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple . 	1
more measured or polished production 	1
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours . 	0
that ca n't totally hide its contrivances 	0
super-simple animation 	1
tosca 's intoxicating ardor 	1
next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 	0
a verbal duel 	0
and cinematic deception 	0
of being a bit undisciplined 	0
point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover 	1
wildly overproduced 	0
note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget 	0
in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs 	0
the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 	0
is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre 	0
as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac 	1
a good line in charm 	1
such a companionable couple 	1
relentlessly nasty 	0
95 minutes 	1
quirkily appealing 	1
elegant and sly deadpan 	1
` gentle ' 	1
will find millions of eager fans 	1
may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form . 	1
quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory . 	0
is an uncompromising film 	1
is like reading a research paper , 	0
offers a desperately ingratiating performance . 	1
strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain 	0
why , for instance , good things happen to bad people 	0
despicable 	0
open windows 	1
value can not be denied 	1
represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch 	1
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious . 	1
overly long 	0
would subtlety be lost on the target audience 	0
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good 	1
smart , compelling 	1
this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout 	1
is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear 	1
world traveler gave me no reason to care 	0
proves to be a compelling 	1
felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend 	0
terrific screenplay 	1
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is ! 	0
more ambitious 	1
seems worth the effort 	1
it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end 	0
may be convinced that he has something significant to say 	0
to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting . 	1
, boredom never takes hold . 	1
left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose 	0
exhilarating 	1
formula mercilessly 	0
great story 	1
is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	0
of faith in the future 	1
movie gauge 	1
gloriously 	1
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable . 	0
providing comic relief 	1
gentle and engrossing character 	1
whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man 	0
this is n't a movie ; 	0
does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution . 	0
an undeniable entertainment value 	1
invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games 	1
is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 	1
about something is an amicable endeavor . 	1
an excellent sequel . 	1
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic 	1
impressively discreet filmmakers 	1
's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon 	1
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating . 	1
provides 	1
insight and humor 	1
has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ... 	1
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation 	1
this film 's impressive performances and 	1
futile concoction 	0
begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot . 	0
the slapstick is labored , and 	0
infantile 	0
raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up 	1
even a plot 	0
avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash 	0
feel realistic 	1
weirdness for the sake of weirdness 	0
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor 	1
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is . 	1
sags 	0
we do n't even like their characters . 	0
interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot 	1
could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions 	0
fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , 	1
is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie 	0
the most ravaging , 	1
it wo n't hold up over the long haul 	0
have at it 	1
seamless 	1
of boring talking heads , etc . 	0
re-invents himself 	1
a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point 	1
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often 	0
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial . 	0
its sincere acting 	1
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head 	0
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but 	0
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that 	1
balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner 	1
does n't even seem like she tried 	0
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way . 	1
the impressive stagings of hardware 	1
that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel 	0
his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad 	0
it 's just grating 	0
stimulating 	1
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard . 	0
did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting 	1
unusual but unfortunately also irritating 	0
two hours better watching 	1
tiresome rant 	0
is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies . 	1
such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play 	1
creative act 	1
hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 	1
check this one out 	1
sparkling 	1
are based on stock clichés 	0
never so vividly 	1
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . 	1
stand-up magic 	1
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong 	1
the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes 	1
create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch 	1
goose-pimple 	1
to see what all the fuss is about 	1
, the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture . 	0
some savvy street activism 	1
that 's still too burdened by the actor 	0
, she 's appealingly manic and energetic . 	1
urge to doze 	0
also nicely done 	1
a pretty decent little documentary 	1
temperamental 	0
is dark , brooding and slow , 	0
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them . 	0
an intricate plot 	1
much of jonah simply , and gratefully 	1
humor and technological finish 	1
so lovely toward the end 	1
all mood and no movie . 	0
give it a boost 	1
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you 	0
fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 	1
is one of the year 's best films . 	1
who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns 	1
stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim 	1
entirely humorless 	0
has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . 	1
intellectual and 	1
engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 	1
bloated effects 	0
its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm 	1
made a point or two regarding life 	1
by anything on display 	0
is entirely appealing as pumpkin 	1
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day . 	1
this odd , poetic road movie , 	1
also wanted a little alien as a friend ! 	1
sets the tone for a summer of good stuff 	1
with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective 	1
tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span . 	0
try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored 	0
at the end that extravagantly redeems it 	1
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and 	1
snagged an oscar nomination 	1
to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy 	0
decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him 	1
par with the first one 	1
coos beseechingly at you 	1
the hot chick is pretty damned funny . 	1
approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor 	1
marred 	0
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film . 	0
fringe feminist conspiracy theorist 	0
, meandering , and sometimes dry 	0
few good ideas 	1
a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional . 	0
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched 	1
inspiring , ironic , and 	1
is astonishing . 	1
, bile , and irony 	0
have put together a bold biographical fantasia 	1
despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela . 	0
's cliche to call the film ` refreshing 	0
weak 	0
of the best , most 	1
the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies 	0
misleading 	0
made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate 	1
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein 	0
the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse 	0
is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way 	0
new age 	1
intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary 	1
, it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . 	0
squirming 	0
a great piece 	1
is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . 	0
why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ? 	0
quirky , charming 	1
the good , which is its essential problem 	0
forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense 	0
is a beautiful film to watch 	1
noyce 's greatest mistake 	0
feel-good family comedy 	1
you love the music , and i do 	1
a monster 	0
ensures 	1
a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated 	1
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people 	1
are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject 	0
is particularly impressive 	1
has enough moments to keep it entertaining 	1
from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground 	1
stylish exercise 	1
is a must for genre fans 	1
enthusiastic 	1
timelessness 	1
that you feel what they feel 	1
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia 	1
nightmarish 	0
a bit melodramatic and even a little dated 	0
wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles 	0
the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock 	1
barbershop is tuned in to its community . 	1
owed to benigni 	0
rated eee for excitement 	1
its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals 	1
muddy sound 	0
manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time 	1
as compelling 	1
is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying 	1
predictable at every turn 	0
volatile 	0
comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won 	0
, great to look at , and funny 	1
the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life 	0
dead ( water ) weight 	0
finds its tone and several scenes run 	1
're gon na like this movie 	1
, tedious 	0
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk 	0
attractive throughout 	1
would have a hard time sitting through this one . 	0
the rarest kinds of films 	1
listen to extremist name-calling 	0
, painful improbability 	0
accomplishes 	1
are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack 	1
ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability . 	0
that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast 	1
strong itch to explore more 	1
perpetually wasted 	0
an intense experience 	1
feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism 	0
that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither 	0
, so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 	1
a must-see 	1
make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	0
breaks your heart 	1
ick ' 	0
very original 	1
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today 	1
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling 	1
so hilarious 	1
an undeniably moving film 	1
compelling , amusing and unsettling 	1
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot . 	0
not easily and , in the end , not well enough 	0
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man 	1
that will enthrall the whole family 	1
awful 	0
stereotypical familial quandaries 	0
in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- 	1
enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins 	1
supporting 	1
excite 	1
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny . 	1
of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates 	0
to find better entertainment 	0
the energetic and always surprising performance 	1
brady 	1
good laughs 	1
aloof and 	0
is careless and unfocused 	0
's brilliant ` videodrome 	1
to do , too little time to do it in 	0
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie 	1
with revulsion 	0
the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . 	0
enough to feel good about 	1
anti-feminist 	0
that has something to say 	1
enjoy as mild escapism 	1
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and 	1
dull . 	0
is to be mesmerised 	1
it is more likely to induce sleep than fright . 	0
may not 	0
imitations 	0
tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 	1
great performances , 	1
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time 	0
the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 	0
jim carrey 	1
furiously funny pace 	1
it does n't make for great cinema , 	0
dare i say , entertaining 	1
scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . ' 	0
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and 	1
feel ` stoked 	1
final whistle 	0
do n't think this movie loves women at all 	0
through the horrible pains of a death 	0
work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns 	1
but film buffs should get to know 	1
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist 	0
it 's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative . 	1
can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something 	1
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage . 	0
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on . 	0
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming . 	0
those farts got to my inner nine-year-old 	1
it 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise . 	0
messenger 	1
illogic 	0
starts slowly , but adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying . 	1
the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion 	0
this all works out 	1
shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits . 	1
festival 	1
, dumb action movie 	0
some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 	1
holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot 	0
it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun 	1
magical enough 	1
is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors . 	0
an exquisite , unfakable sense 	1
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein 	0
a little wit 	1
sleek 	1
unmemorable filler . 	0
to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be 	0
just do n't really care too much about this love story . 	0
bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene . 	0
an exceptional thriller 	1
with all its botches 	0
a good ear for dialogue , 	1
's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene . 	0
is predictable 	0
who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- 	1
mawkish dialogue 	0
it 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness . 	1
it 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary . 	1
cellophane-pop remake 	0
runs for only 71 minutes and 	0
every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . 	0
the surface histrionics 	0
, the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . 	1
there 's nothing to gain from watching they . 	0
a pleasing way 	1
for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . 	1
the only reason 	0
have to check your brain at the door 	0
damned wonderful 	1
resentment 	0
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm 	1
if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here 's a fun one . 	1
hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread 	0
promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili 	1
as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams 	0
blond honeys 	1
schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy 	0
'll enjoy this movie 	1
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration . 	1
, is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . 	1
a taste for the quirky 	1
extraordinary debut 	1
a life-affirming message 	1
in the long-winded heist comedy 	0
mean it 's good enough for our girls 	1
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music 	0
... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . 	0
ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies 	0
roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph 	1
a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness 	0
stranded 	0
old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 	0
the rare imax movie that you 'll wish 	1
you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer 	0
unromantic 	0
acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 	1
felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world 	1
inspiring , ironic , 	1
their children 	1
earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot . 	1
most impressive 	1
labyrinthine 	1
this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . 	1
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact . 	1
third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby 	1
overstated 	0
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and 	0
that puts another notch 	0
these things 	1
powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	1
trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed 	0
success 	1
things so nice 	1
` film aficionados can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . ' 	1
no affinity for most of the characters 	0
on cue 	1
taken 	0
so-so , made-for-tv 	0
really funny movie 	1
gaining much momentum 	1
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and 	1
this mess 	0
why it works 	1
disappointed by a movie in a long time 	0
now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud . 	1
fun or energy 	1
offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film 	1
undeniably moving film 	1
was more diverting and thought-provoking 	1
that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic 	0
layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue 	0
a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick 	0
watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , 	0
consistently sensitive and often exciting 	1
enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story 	1
articulates a flood of emotion . 	1
is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 	0
too much exploitation and too little 	0
god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves 	0
his several silly subplots 	0
intelligent and deeply 	1
with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message 	1
meandering 	0
nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot 	1
bring on the battle bots , please 	1
imperfect ? 	0
attracts the young and fit 	1
kid-empowerment fantasy 	1
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and 	0
lazily and glumly 	0
shot on digital videotape rather than film 	0
odd drama 	0
inside the mess that is world traveler 	0
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , 	1
sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 	1
the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking 	0
it 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid . 	0
the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 	0
takes the most unexpected material 	1
sly humor 	1
leftovers 	1
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ... 	0
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable 	0
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic 	1
stomach-knotting suspense 	1
what sets ms. birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents . 	1
her fearlessness 	1
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences . 	1
is sorely lacking 	0
new or interesting 	1
address his own world war ii experience in his signature style 	1
go from stark desert 	0
confront it 	1
's something i would rather live in denial about 	0
the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 	0
rae 	1
stress ` dumb . 	0
suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected 	0
of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live 	1
the arguments 	1
still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 	1
crass , contrived sequels 	0
fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere . 	1
emotionally at least ) 	1
are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters . 	1
eye-catching 	1
overwhelming waste 	0
the world 's most fascinating stories 	1
eloquently 	1
a cult favorite 	1
rather special 	1
good race 	1
amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media 	1
enough laughs to sustain interest to the end 	1
( fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall ) show us the world they love and make 	1
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 	1
really bad 	0
pitifully unromantic 	0
loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money 	0
wishy-washy 	0
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper . 	1
of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups 	1
darkly funny and frequently insightful 	1
essential 	1
, kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness . 	0
jeong-hyang lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying . 	1
seems as funny 	1
will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination . 	1
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 	1
suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material . 	1
it tight and nasty 	1
enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls 	0
( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up . 	1
is as padded as allen 's jelly belly 	0
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows 	0
impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' 	0
the bad things 	0
flaccid satire 	0
bolado credit for good intentions 	1
ca n't deny its seriousness and quality . 	1
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream . 	1
her feature film 	1
best and 	1
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it . 	1
you ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 	0
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but 	1
the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it 's far too sentimental . 	0
fantastic dual performance 	1
beautifully sung 	1
will be impressed by this tired retread 	1
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' 	0
that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	0
... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film . 	1
to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn 	0
to crack a smile at 	1
barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . 	1
is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth 	1
its excellent storytelling , its economical 	1
misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress 	0
its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse 	1
marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows 	1
a sweet treasure and something 	1
laconic and 	0
but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told . 	0
is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families 	1
as a call for pity and sympathy 	0
of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic 	0
the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and 	1
director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill 	1
has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout . 	0
pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative 	1
turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 	1
neil burger here succeeded in 	1
graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake 	1
that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet 	1
ridiculous wig 	0
gorgeous 	1
to overcome my resistance 	1
near-masterpiece 	1
makes the movie fresh 	1
it 's better than the phantom menace . 	1
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , 	1
crypt 	1
likely to leave a lasting impression 	1
its rather routine script 	0
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom . 	0
goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 	1
and intermittently hilarious 	1
for this story to go but down 	0
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock . 	1
, the rising place never quite justifies its own existence . 	0
of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum 	0
ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic 	0
to be somebody , and to belong to somebody 	1
the film is a pleasant enough dish . 	1
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , 	1
to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable 	0
joyless 	0
the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country 	1
certainly wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films . 	0
best korean film 	1
should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it . 	0
drowns out the promise of the romantic angle . 	0
is silly beyond comprehension 	0
the movie could be released in this condition 	1
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but 	0
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together 	1
by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil 	0
an overwhelmingly positive portrayal 	1
to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience 	1
a real filmmaker 's eye 	1
this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture 	1
rap and r&b names 	1
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema 	1
great performances 	1
( a ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting 	1
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film . 	1
a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire 	1
forced funniness 	0
there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract . 	0
is unfocused 	0
leather 	1
that the movie has virtually nothing to show 	0
does `` lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan . 	1
a stab 	0
poetry , passion , and genius 	1
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity . 	1
digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 	1
add up to a satisfying crime drama . 	1
settles into clichés 	0
keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over 	1
a fascinating literary mystery story 	1
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic 	1
jeff 's ) gorgeous 	1
of director abel ferrara 	1
a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to 	0
very entertaining 	1
nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself . 	0
has about 25 minutes of decent material 	0
give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances 	0
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , 	0
into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable 	0
burning , blasting , stabbing 	0
miscalculation 	0
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment 	1
that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school 	0
for two movies 	1
a dream image 	1
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) . 	0
with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	0
of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up 	0
slopped ` em together 	0
wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation 	0
a great premise but only a great premise 	0
rare film 	1
a heavyweight film 	1
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and 	0
some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine 	0
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . 	0
both thematic content and narrative strength 	1
the large cast is solid 	1
come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago 	1
to enjoy for a lifetime 	1
affectionately goofy satire 	1
are to ourselves and each other 	1
coupling disgracefully written dialogue 	0
crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level . 	0
there 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . 	0
spent watching this waste of time . 	0
stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter . 	1
the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones 	1
scrap 	0
dialogue and inventive moments 	1
a cinematic poem 	1
rotten in almost every single facet of production 	0
in this case zero . 	0
its drastic iconography 	1
, the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , 	1
in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating 	0
a fairly slow paced , 	0
cinematic car wreck 	0
peculiar malaise 	0
full of the kind of energy it 's documenting 	1
can be considered work 	1
perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair 	1
psychological 	1
break free of her old life 	1
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man 	1
a gem of a movie 	1
it one of the best war movies ever made 	1
's smooth and professional 	1
`` interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 	0
a lovely trifle 	1
at the helm 	1
radiant 	1
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal 	0
not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted . 	1
marvelously entertaining 	1
saw that was written down 	0
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . 	0
the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . ' 	0
better to do with 94 minutes 	0
as do the girls ' amusing personalities 	1
i certainly ca n't recommend it 	0
pinheads who talk throughout the show 	0
is somewhat problematic 	1
finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore 	0
am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson . 	0
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design 	1
less funny than it thinks it is 	0
no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable . 	0
belittle a cinema classic . 	0
explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children . 	1
has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day 	1
... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 	1
of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing 	0
outdoes its spectacle . 	1
credible account 	1
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at . 	0
collapses like an overcooked soufflé 	0
bumbling 	0
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum . 	1
that made me want to scream 	0
real winner 	1
shaking your head all the way to the credits 	0
very talented young actors 	1
was , by its moods , and by its subtly 	1
a clarity of purpose and even-handedness 	1
ends up as a bitter pill 	0
love story 	1
puts an exclamation point 	1
topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights 	0
disturbing 	0
remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 	1
perfectly creepy and believable 	1
the project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . 	0
say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 	1
( davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters 	0
, insightfully human 	1
like ` praise the lord 	1
a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion 	1
high romance , 	1
the top of their lungs 	1
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy 	0
appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making 	0
breakthrough 	1
the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year 	0
watching your favorite pet get buried alive 	0
flat run 	0
is extremely funny , 	1
written for no one 	1
it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory 	0
the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile 	1
a definitive account of eisenstein 's life 	1
an entertainment destination 	1
overflowing 	1
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest 	0
maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another 	0
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool 	0
eye-catching art direction 	1
sons , loyalty and duty 	1
some fine acting 	1
the honor 	1
overcome its weaknesses 	1
parker displays in freshening the play 	1
better video-game-based flicks , 	0
making this character understandable , 	1
herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion 	0
that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock 	1
more chillingly effective 	1
the best-sustained ideas 	1
so special 	1
allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors 	1
as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves 	0
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch 	1
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment . 	0
the few ` cool ' actors 	1
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them . 	0
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen . 	0
grand locations 	1
'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) 	0
bull 	0
more annoying 	0
ludicrous attempt 	0
's a cool event for the whole family 	1
is that it 's actually watchable 	1
boring and meandering . 	0
the right choice 	1
largely unfulfilling 	0
with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie 	0
ultimately winning story 	1
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions 	1
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success . 	1
a stale copy 	0
in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie 	0
the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version 	1
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 	0
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and 	1
like a bad soap opera 	0
schnieder 	1
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud . 	1
made by a proper , middle-aged woman . 	1
the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 	0
underdone potato 	0
me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work 	0
tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers 	1
most wondrously 	1
to place blame 	0
, and gently tedious in its comedy 	1
yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 	0
, sophisticated film 	1
hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old 	1
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but 	1
used to burn every print of the film 	0
thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . 	1
are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life 	1
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards . 	1
shifting in your chair too often 	0
struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them 	1
see a romance this smart 	1
insightful 	1
imitation 	0
so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! '' 	0
, crowd-pleasing goals 	1
historic scandal 	0
the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone 	0
earnestness remarkably well 	1
equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are . 	1
off the path of good sense 	0
visually sloppy 	0
flakiness 	0
is still quite good-natured 	1
generic scripts 	0
a grand whimper 	0
scare the pants 	1
that disconnects every 10 seconds 	0
most ingenious film 	1
mildly interesting 	1
have to see it . 	1
exploits ( headbanger ) stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter . 	1
both deserve better . 	0
rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . 	1
fun to watch 	1
repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery 	0
to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 	1
recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around 	0
the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations 	1
a droll sense 	0
you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard 	0
so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . 	0
scary and sad 	0
a film without surprise 	0
it 's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge . 	1
as its larger themes 	1
star performances 	1
endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else 	0
hyper-realistic 	1
like a spectator and not a participant 	0
for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while 	1
a philosophical visual coming right 	1
freshness and modesty 	1
often surprising 	1
plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting . 	0
because your nerves just ca n't take it any more 	0
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms . 	0
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , 	0
if only it had the story to match . 	0
( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment 	1
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn . 	1
much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ... 	1
might have guessed 	0
crafted film 	1
climax and , worst of all 	0
generosity and diplomacy 	1
is losing his touch 	0
relevant today 	1
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here . 	0
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities . 	1
some real vitality and 	1
drops the ball too many times 	0
both heartbreaking and 	1
indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens 	0
that its story just is n't worth telling 	0
directed it may leave you speaking in tongues 	0
local 	1
painfully flat 	0
if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness 	0
makes him the film 's moral compass 	1
it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it 	1
like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties 	0
distinguishes 	1
combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . 	1
of the charm and little 	1
turn down a big bowl of that 	0
... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added . 	1
the fans are often funny fanatics 	1
piercing intellect 	1
make the formula feel fresh 	1
satisfyingly unsettling 	1
a real snooze . 	0
so unabashedly hopeful 	1
resist his pleas 	0
's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck 	1
as it is hard to resist 	1
ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction 	0
very real 	1
in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped 	1
small part thanks 	1
here 's a fun one . 	1
a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable 	0
mildly amusing 	1
wise and powerful 	1
skillfully assembled , highly polished and 	1
from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat 	1
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life . 	0
make for some robust and scary entertainment 	1
does n't sustain a high enough level of invention 	0
parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . 	1
one of the most interesting writer/directors working today 	1
too loud , too goofy 	0
art-house gay porn film 	0
school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 	0
have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face 	1
feeble tootsie knockoff . 	0
most severe 	0
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters . 	0
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum 's good intentions . 	0
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either . 	0
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	0
the most watchable film of the year 	1
above-average brains 	1
the film has ( its ) moments , but 	1
overlong infomercial 	0
a visual spectacle 	1
is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction . 	1
unforced continuation 	1
both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters . 	1
, e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 	1
laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive . 	0
would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play 	1
an admirable storyteller 	1
of perversity , comedy and romance 	1
be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time 	1
have a good time here 	1
her share of the holiday box office pie 	1
unequivocally 	1
will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes 	1
is spectacular 	1
manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes 	0
zinger-filled crowd-pleaser 	1
the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction 	0
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . 	0
, the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 	1
astonish and 	1
photographed with color and depth , and rather a good time 	1
genial and 	1
minac drains his movie of all individuality 	0
carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance 	1
jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films 	0
be a passable date film 	1
in its own floundering way , it gets to you . 	1
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while 	1
left slightly disappointed that it did n't 	0
williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile 	0
beginnings 	1
take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera 	0
anything sandler 	1
still committed to growth in his ninth decade 	1
about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying 	1
the film is way too full of itself ; 	0
patchy combination of soap opera 	0
ill-considered 	0
restate 	0
all this emotional misery 	0
fails 	0
even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be 	0
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but 	0
unleashes his trademark misogyny 	0
is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . 	1
absolutely and completely ridiculous 	0
's well worth spending some time with 	1
the unconditional love she seeks 	1
flop 	0
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done . 	1
as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale 	1
most repugnant 	0
light-hearted way 	1
detached 	0
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination 	1
is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience . 	1
, everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill . 	1
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather 	0
of destruction 	0
rediscovers 	1
clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs 	0
exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation 	1
ethnic cleansing 	0
worth a peek 	1
support the premise other than fling gags at it 	1
the perfect material 	1
's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish . 	0
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack 	0
a wretched movie 	0
, overused cocktail 	0
each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial 	0
does n't transcend genre 	0
combines two surefire , beloved genres 	1
far the worst movie 	0
finds warmth in the coldest environment and 	1
depressing than entertaining 	0
to include anything even halfway scary 	0
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 	1
almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more 	0
the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say 	0
is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year 	0
wondrous 	1
want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment 	0
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs 	1
there are moments of hilarity to be had . 	1
the halloween series has lost its edge 	0
morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick 	0
as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' 	1
mumbles his way through the movie . 	0
sustains it beautifully 	1
, a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 	0
betting her third feature will be something to behold 	1
uncinematic 	0
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 	0
final , beautiful scene 	1
which fails to rise above its disgusting source material 	0
its élan 	1
dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 	0
is a total misfire . 	0
nothing 	0
a testament to the integrity and vision of the band 	1
like a travel-agency video 	0
has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player 	1
worth a look 	1
has much to learn 	0
is lightweight filmmaking 	0
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . 	0
perry 's good and his is an interesting character 	1
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row 	0
might just be the movie you 're looking for . 	1
meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults 	1
genuinely bone-chilling 	1
that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies 	1
unusual , food-for-thought cinema 	1
is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 	1
psychological and philosophical 	1
about full frontal 	1
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors 	1
ugly , mean-spirited lashing 	0
talented enough and 	1
from a severe case of hollywood-itis 	0
the very best of them 	1
thrills , 	1
's attracting audiences to unfaithful 	1
impressively delicate range 	1
starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop 	0
distinguished actor 	1
on their parents ' anguish 	0
pays off and is effective if you stick with it 	1
is n't particularly funny 	0
, joyous romp of a film . 	1
a stunning technical achievement 	1
squander jennifer love hewitt 	0
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and 	1
new ways of describing badness 	0
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow 	1
shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life . 	1
believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid 	0
to offend 	0
was hard for me 	0
extremely funny 	1
are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before . 	1
good news 	1
the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe 	0
of piffle 	0
liability 	0
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes . 	1
oversexed , at times 	0
worth seeing 	1
grumbling 	0
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination 	0
the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations 	1
borrows from other movies 	0
sardonic jolt 	0
which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities 	0
ca n't recommend it enough 	1
by the sick sense of humor 	0
vivid performances 	1
evokes a palpable sense 	1
law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed 	0
that this film 's cast is uniformly superb 	1
whatever complaints i might have 	0
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few 	0
reef 	1
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal 	1
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching 	1
take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche 	0
, i love it ... hell , i dunno . 	1
imagine o. henry 's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene . 	0
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes . 	0
a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem . 	1
so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	1
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock . 	1
lot funnier 	1
self-indulgent and 	0
the filmmaking in invincible 	1
their luster 	1
cool visual backmasking 	1
slapped together . 	0
dupe 	0
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz 	0
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row 	0
incessant whining 	0
timid parsing 	0
change tables 	1
finely 	1
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman 	1
, the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill . 	1
sustains interest 	1
chopsocky 	0
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots 	0
spirited away is a triumph of imagination 	1
twitchy acting 	0
doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers 	0
demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon 	1
enough gun battles and 	0
fun 	1
know as an evil , monstrous lunatic 	0
sadly imitative of innumerable 	0
most compelling performance 	1
then triple x marks the spot . 	1
mr. koshashvili is a director to watch . 	1
's in the action scenes that things fall apart 	0
a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama 	1
a movie about the power of poetry and passion 	1
ill-timed 	0
swill 	0
, the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . 	1
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children . 	1
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one 	1
caffeinated , sloppy 	0
he slaps together his own brand of liberalism 	0
shenanigans and 	0
bogs 	0
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 	0
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script . 	0
scuttled 	0
, the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 	0
most sincere and artful 	1
resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this 	0
is infectious . 	1
appreciated 	1
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama . 	1
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based 	1
symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . 	1
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . 	1
gets violently gang-raped 	0
sit near the back 	0
should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 	1
with sharp ears and eyes 	1
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market 	0
has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded 	1
to keep it interested 	1
to care about them 	1
outright bodice-ripper 	1
becomes increasingly implausible as it races 	0
a graceful , moving tribute 	1
every gag two or three times 	0
is a feast for the eyes . 	1
a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience 	1
oscar-worthy performance 	1
finally , the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first . 	1
the power of polanski 's film 	1
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games . 	1
a joint promotion for the national basketball association and 	1
a changing world 	1
sick and demented 	0
still could have been room for the war scenes 	0
eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness 	1
reflects the worst of their shallow styles 	0
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet . 	0
superior 	1
succeed merrily at their noble endeavor . 	1
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema . 	1
no way original , 	0
is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states 	0
genuinely inspirational 	1
a disturbing disregard 	0
a scruffy 	0
besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 	1
in the worst elements of all of them 	0
hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . 	0
under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women 	1
the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man 	1
if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future 	0
despite lagging near the finish line 	0
most offensive action 	0
trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now 	0
hard for me 	0
is a remarkably accessible and haunting film 	1
is nicely shot , 	1
as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream 	1
nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy . 	1
all the values of a straight-to-video movie 	0
well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 	1
jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder 	0
laugh-out-loud 	1
a provocative 	1
it weirdly appealing 	1
verging on mumbo-jumbo 	0
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life 	1
sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip 	1
what is missing from it 	0
plotting 	1
has a film used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . 	1
that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz 	0
prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design 	1
of crudup 's anchoring performance 	1
one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 	0
goofiness 	1
but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 	0
the second half of the movie really goes downhill . 	0
moving and solidly entertaining 	1
it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . 	1
that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions . 	0
is well crafted , and well executed . 	1
resurrection 	1
different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	1
decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him . 	1
after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults 	0
the best , 	1
involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 	0
all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , 	0
found in almost all of his previous works 	1
truly excellent 	1
director to watch 	1
sharp and quick 	1
orgy 	0
warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it 	1
the magnificent jackie chan 	1
collapses 	0
, vapid and devoid 	0
by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious 	0
complain 	0
winning performances 	1
its love of life and beauty 	1
soulless and -- even more damning -- 	0
cold fish 	0
a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing 	0
the the wisdom and humor of its subjects 	1
the town has kind of an authentic feel 	1
entirely believable 	1
that old adage about women being unknowable 	1
have potential as a cult film 	1
is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly 	0
discomfort 	0
you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	0
totally overwrought , 	0
sunny disposition 	1
excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh 	1
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases . 	0
awfulness 	0
ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . 	1
lax and limp 	0
wisdom 	1
a paint-by-numbers picture 	0
does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence 	1
through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill 	0
i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 	0
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... 	0
is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone 	1
is so resolutely 	1
hilariously , gloriously alive , and 	1
drawn-out 	0
true to its title 	1
glory days 	1
and often contradictory 	0
a stereotype 	0
puts a human face 	1
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat 	1
, then by all means check it out . 	1
while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit 	1
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours . 	0
too thin 	0
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and 	0
wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 	0
as a tribute 	1
a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 	1
of the conflict that came to define a generation 	1
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings . 	1
will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act 	1
bump in the night and nobody 	0
has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores . 	1
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... 	0
, the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 	0
that are quite touching 	1
i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed . 	1
graceless 	0
that annoying specimen 	0
two central performances 	1
' hanging over the film 	0
it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy 	0
are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster . 	1
affluence 	1
really , save your disgust and your indifference 	0
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay 	0
joyous 	1
gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing . 	0
then blood work is for you . 	1
, frida gets the job done . 	1
the class warfare 	0
against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting 	1
a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 	0
may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season 	1
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle . 	0
lacks in eye-popping visuals 	0
ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity 	1
an equally miserable film 	0
its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future 	1
so pat it makes your teeth hurt 	0
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies . 	1
splash 	1
of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness 	1
both the scenic splendor 	1
i saw it as a young boy 	1
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : 	0
you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . 	1
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes 	1
starts out 	1
the situation in a well-balanced fashion 	1
which was shot two years ago 	1
becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities 	0
will keep coming 	1
you 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) . 	0
proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . 	1
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 	0
a total lack 	0
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look 	1
the company 's astonishing growth 	1
of afghan tragedies 	0
languorous slo-mo sequences 	0
's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity . 	1
is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . 	1
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory . 	1
picture-perfect life 	1
master class . 	1
junior-high 	1
finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise . 	1
rigid and evasive in ways 	0
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . 	0
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score 	1
promisingly 	1
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath . 	0
weirdo actor crispin glover 	0
takes its title all too literally . 	0
is loopy and ludicrous ... 	0
threatens 	0
there , done that 	1
who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents 	1
what makes the movie special 	1
the action looks fake 	0
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period . 	0
maintaining consciousness just long enough 	0
difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting 	0
is so fascinating that you wo n't care . 	1
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown . 	1
does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre 	1
a better movie 	1
monotone 	0
faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 	0
's always enthralling . 	1
, another gross-out college comedy -- ugh . 	0
affirms 	1
gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . 	0
formuliac , but fun . 	1
a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 . 	1
to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago 	1
well-done 	1
fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew 	1
dialogue and likeable characters 	1
part biography , part entertainment and part history 	1
, the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work . 	0
a rather dull , unimaginative car chase 	0
is nothing short of a great one . 	1
a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life 	1
is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 	0
90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 	1
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation 	0
comedy ensemble 	1
throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` look at this ! 	0
brilliant movie 	1
too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience 	0
's stuffy and pretentious 	0
polished , 	1
works more often than it does n't . 	1
at least passably 	1
i also believe that resident evil is not it . 	0
seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other 	0
showing off his doctorate 	1
a delightful comedy 	1
anguish , anger and frustration 	0
at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself 	1
a patient viewer 	1
this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title . 	0
